Ten thousand men on a hill,
Some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.

Ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue,
Ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue,
Drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.

Ten thousand men on the move,
Ten thousand men on the move,
None of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.

Ten thousand men digging for silver and gold,
Ten thousand men digging for silver and gold,
All clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.

Hey! who could your lover be? 
Hey! who could your lover be? 


Let me eat off his head so you can really see!

Ten thousand women all dressed in white,
Ten thousand women all dressed in white,
Standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.

Ten thousand men looking so lean and frail,
Ten thousand men looking so lean and frail,
Each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.

Ten thousand women all sweepin' my room,
Ten thousand women all sweepin' my room,
Spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up will a broom.

Ooh, baby, thank you for my tea!
Baby, thank you for my tea!
It's so sweet of you to be so nice to me./nOne by one, until there were none.
Two by two, to their lovers they flew,
Two by two, into the foggy dew.
Three by three, they danced on the sea,
Four by four, they danced on the shore,
Five by five, they tried to survive,
Six by six, they were playing with tricks.

How many paths did they try and fail?
How many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail?
How much poison did they inhale?
How many black cats crossed their trail?

Seven by seven, they headed for heaven,
Eight by eight, they got to the gate,
Nine by nine, they drank the wine,
Ten by ten, they drank again.

How many tomorrow's have are they given away?
How many compared to yesterday?
How many more without any reward?
How many more can they afford?

Two by two, they stepped into the ark,
Two by two, they step in the dark.
Three by three, they're turning the key,
Four by four, they turn it some more,
One by one, they follow the sun,
Two by two, to another rendezvous./nAnd she worked on my face until breaking my eyes, and said, "What else you got left?"
It was then that I got up to leave, but she said, "Don't forget
Everybody must give something back for something they get"

I stood there and hummed, I tapped on her drum, I asked her how come
And she buttoned her boot, and straightened her suit, and she said, "Don't get cute"
So I forced my hands in my pockets and felt with my thumbs
And gallantly handed her my very last piece of gum

She threw me outside, I stood in the dirt where everyone walked
And after finding out I'd forgotten my shirt, I went back and knocked
I waited in the hallway, she went to get it, and I tried to make sense
Out of that picture of you in your wheelchair that leaned up against

Her Jamaica rum, and when she did come, I asked her for some
She said, "No, dear," I said, "Your words aren't clear, you'd better spit out your gum"
She screamed 'til her face got so red, then she fell on the floor
And I covered up and then thought I'd go look through her drawer

And when I was through, I filled up my shoe and brought it to you
And you, you took me in, you loved me then, you never wasted time
And I, I never took much, I never asked for your crutch
Now don't ask for mine/nNone/nI can see the turning of the key
I've been deceived by the clown inside of me
I thought that he was righteous but he's vain
Oh, something's telling me I wear the ball and chain

My patron saint is a-fighting with a ghost
He's always off somewhere when I need him most
The Spanish moon is rising on the hill
But my heart is tellin' me I love ya still

I come back to the town from the flaming moon
I see you in the street, I begin to swoon
I love to see you dress before the mirror
Won't you let me in your room one time before I finally disappear?

Everybody's wearing a disguise
To hide what they've got left behind their eyes
But me, I can't cover what I am
Wherever the children go, I'll follow them

I march in the parade of liberty
But as long as I love you, I'm not free
How long must I suffer such abuse
Won't you let me see you smile before I turn you loose?

I've given up the game, I've got to leave
The pot of gold is only make-believe
The treasure can't be found by men who search
Whose gods are dead and whose queens are in the church

We sat in an empty theater and we kissed
I asked ya please to cross me off your list
My head tells me it's time to make a change
But my heart is telling me I love ya, but you're strange

So one more time at midnight, near the wall
Take off your heavy make-up and your shawl
Won't you descend from the throne from where you sit?
Let me feel your love one more time before I abandon it/nSometimes it gets so hard, you see
I'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet
With all these promises you left for me
But where are you tonight, Sweet Marie?

Well, I waited for you when I was a-half sick
Yes, I waited for you when you hated me
Well, I waited for you inside of the frozen traffic
When you knew I had some other place to be
Now, where are you tonight, Sweet Marie?

Well, anybody can be just like me, obviously
But then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately

Well, six white horses that you did promise
Were finally delivered down to the penitentiary
But to live outside the law, you must be honest
I know you always say that you agree
Alright, so where are you tonight, Sweet Marie?

Well, I don't know how it happened
But the river-boat captain, he knows my fate
But everybody else, even yourself
They're just gonna have to wait

Well, I got the fever down in my pockets
The Persian drunkard, he follows me
Yes, I can take him to your house but I can't unlock it
You see, you forgot to leave me with the key
Ah, where are you tonight, Sweet Marie?

Well, I been in jail where all the mail showed
That a man can't give his address out to bad company
And now I stand here lookin' at your yellow railroad
In the ruins of your balcony
Wondering where you are tonight, Sweet Marie/nNone/nAin't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
Ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
And I ain't a-gonna grieve no more

Come on brothers, join the band
Come on sisters, clap your hands
Tell everybody that's in the land
You ain't a-gonna grieve no more

Well, I ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
Ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
Ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
And I ain't a-gonna grieve no more

Brown and blue and white and black
With all one color on the one-way track
We got this far and ain't a-goin' back
And ain't a-gonna grieve no more

I ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
Ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
Ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
I ain't a-gonna grieve no more

We're gonna notify your next of kin
You're gonna raise the roof 'til the house falls in
If you get knocked down get up again
We ain't a-gonna grieve no more

Well, I ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
We ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
Ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
We ain't a-gonna grieve no more

We'll sing this song all night long
Sing it to my baby from midnight on
She'll sing it to you when I'm dead and gone
And I ain't a-gonna grieve no more

I ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
Ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more
I ain't a-gonna grieve, I ain't a-gonna grieve
I ain't a-gonna grieve no more/nlupa/nThe wounded flowers were dangling from the vine
I was passing by yon cool crystal fountain
Someone hit me from behind

Ain't talking, just walking
Through this weary world of woe
Heart burning, still yearning
No one on earth would ever know

They say prayer has the power to heal, so pray for me, mother
In the human heart an evil spirit can dwell
I am trying to love my neighbor and do good unto others
But oh, mother, things ain't going well

Ain't talking, just walking
I'll burn that bridge before you can cross
Heart burning, still yearning
There'll be no mercy for you once you've lost

Now I'm all worn down by weeping
My eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry
If I catch my opponents ever sleeping
I will just slaughter 'em where they lie

Ain't talking, just walking
Through the world mysterious and vague
Heart burning, still yearning
Walking through the cities of the plague

Well, the whole world is filled with speculation
The whole wide world which people say is round
They will tear your mind away from contemplation
They will jump on your misfortune when you're down

Ain't talking, just walking
Eating hog eyed grease in a hog eyed town
Heart burning, still yearning
Some day you'll be glad to have me around

They will crush you with wealth and power
Every waking moment you could crack
I'll make the most of one last extra hour
I'll avenge my father's death and I'll step back

Ain't talking, just walking
Hand me down my walking cane
Heart burning, still yearning
Got to get you out of my miserable brain

All my loyal and my much-loved companions
They approve of me and share my code
I practice a faith that's been long abandoned
Ain't no altars on this long and lonesome road

Ain't talking, just walking
My mule is sick, my horse is blind
Heart burning, still yearning
Thinking about that girl I left behind

Well, it's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flying
Fame and honor never seem to fade
The fire gone out but the light is never dying
Who says I can't get heavenly aid?

Ain't talking, just walking
Carrying a dead man's shield
Heart burning, still yearning
Walking with a toothache in my heel

The suffering is unending
Every nook and cranny has its tears
I'm not playing, I'm not pretending
I'm not nursing any superfluous fears

Ain't talking, just walking
Walking ever since the other night
Heart burning, still yearning
Walking till I'm clean out of sight

As I walked out in the mystic garden
On a hot summer day, a hot summer lawn
Excuse me, ma'am, I beg your pardon
There's no one here, the gardener is gone

Ain't talking, just walking
Up the road, around the bend
Heart burning, still yearning
In the last outback at the world's end/nSaid the joker to the thief
"There's too much confusion
I can't get no relief

Businessmen, they drink my wine
Plowmen dig my earth
None of them along the line
Know what any of it is worth"

"No reason to get excited"
The thief, he kindly spoke
"There are many here among us
Who feel that life is but a joke

But you and I, we've been through that
And this is not our fate
So let us not talk falsely now
The hour is getting late"

All along the watchtower
Princes kept the view
While all the women came and went
Barefoot servants too

Outside in the distance
A wildcat did growl
Two riders were approaching
The wind began to howl/nNone/nBeat or cheat or mistreat you
Simplify you, classify you
Deny, defy or crucify you

All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

No, and I ain't lookin' to fight with you
Frighten you or uptighten you
Drag you down or drain you down
Chain you down or bring you down

All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

I ain't lookin' to block you up
Shock or knock or lock you up
Analyze you, categorize you
Finalize you or advertise you

All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

I don't want to straight-face you
Race or chase you, track or trace you
Or disgrace you or displace you
Or define you or confine you

All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

I don't want to meet your kin
Make you spin or do you in
Or select you or dissect you
Or inspect you or reject you

All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

I don't want to fake you out
Take or shake or forsake you out
I ain't lookin' for you to feel like me
See like me or be like me

All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you/nWell, if I had to do it all over again
Babe, I'd do it all over you
And if I had to wait for ten thousand years
Babe, I'd even do that too

Well, a dog's got his bone in the alley
A cat, she's got nine lives
A millionaire's got a million dollars
 got four hundred wives

Well, everybody's got somethin'
That they're lookin' forward to
I'm lookin' forward to when I can do it all again
And babe, I'll do it all over you

Well, if I had my way tomorrow or today
Babe, I'd run circles all around
I'd jump up in the wind, do a somersault and spin
I'd even dance a jig on the ground

Well, everybody gets their hour
Everybody gets their time
Little  when he picked up his pebbles
Even  after he went blind

Well, everybody gets the chance
To do what they want to do
When my time arrives you better run for your life
'Cause babe, I'll do it all over you

Well, I don't need no money, I just need a day that's sunny
Baby, and my days are gonna come
And I grab me a pint, you know that I'm a giant
When you hear me yellin', 

Well, you cut me like a jigsaw puzzle
You made me to a walkin' wreck
When you pushed my heart through my backbone
And you knocked off my head from my neck

Well, if I'm ever standin' steady
A-doin' what I want to do
Well, I tell you little lover that you better run for cover
'Cause babe, I'll do it all over you

I'm just restin' at your gate so that I won't be late
And, msma, I'm a-just sittin' on the shelf
Look out your window fair and you'll see me squattin' there
Just a-stumblin' and a-mumblin' to myself

Well, after my cigarette's been smoked up
After all my liquor's been drunk
After my dreams have been dreamed out
After all my thoughts have been thunk

Well, after I do some of these things
I'm gonna do what I have to do
And I tell you on the side, that you better run and hide
'Cause babe, I'll do it all over you/nHow'm I supposed to get any ridin' done? Hmm.
All the tired horses in the sun
How'm I supposed to get any ridin' done? Hmm.

All the tired horses in the sun
How'm I supposed to get any ridin' done? Hmm.
All the tired horses in the sun
How'm I supposed to get any ridin' done? Hmm.

All the tired horses in the sun
How'm I supposed to get any ridin' done? Hmm./nAnd his fuel cost runs up high
Well, that's just how much I would love you
If you'd just only let me try.

In some nice young up to date kitchen
Let us get acquainted, dear
And them old floor birds will just quit eatin'
And just grin from ear to ear.

Two floor birds and a prudent baby chick
Yes that ain't, that ain't much to bust
But restriction causes damage
And damage causes lust.

So poor little girl, come blow this horn
Hard as any whole night seems
It's very easily done actually
All you have to do is dream.

Well, them old back scrapers are a dime a dozen
And I can get a call for a nickle
Yes, but look what an earful I get and it's all awful too
Every time I try to go get me a little tickle.

So, gimme one sweet loaf of bread
Just one sweet loaf, fill it up and I'll be gone
Yes, just like some of these old floor birds
Who fly from dawn to dawn.
Oh yes, who fly from dawn to dawn
Yes, who fly from dawn to dawn
Oh, fly from dawn to dawn./nMy right hand drawing back while my left hand advances
Where the current is strong and the monkey dances
To the tune of a concertina

Blood dryin' in my yellow hair as I go from shore to shore
I know what it is that has drawn me to your door
But whatever it could be, makes you think you've seen me before
Angelina

Oh, Angelina. Oh, Angelina

His eyes were two slits that would make a snake proud
With a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd
Worshipping a god with the body of a woman well endowed
And the head of a hyena

Do I need your permission to turn the other cheek?
If you can read my mind, why must I speak?
No, I have heard nothing about the man that you seek
Angelina

Oh, Angelina. Oh, Angelina

In the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode
The peaches they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed
I was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road
With your subpoena

When you cease to exist, then who will you blame?
I've tried my best to love you, but I cannot play this game
Your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same
Angelina

Oh, Angelina. Oh, Angelina

There's a black Mercedes rollin' through the combat zone
Your servants are half dead; you're down to the bone
Tell me, tall man, where would you like to be overthrown
Maybe down in Jerusalem or Argentina?

She was stolen from her mother when she was three days old
Now her vengeance has been satisfied and her possessions have been sold
He's surrounded by God's angels and she's wearin' a blindfold
And so are you, Angelina

Oh, Angelina. Oh, Angelina

I see pieces of men marching; trying to take heaven by force
I can see the unknown rider, I can see the pale white horse
In God's truth tell me what you want, and you'll have it of course
Just step into the arena

Beat a path of retreat up them spiral staircases
Pass the tree of smoke, pass the angel with four faces
Begging God for mercy and weepin' in unholy places
Angelina

Oh, Angelina. Oh, Angelina/nNone/nUnder that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!
Underneath that tree
There's just gonna be you and me
Under that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!

Pull him down in a county hook, my man.
Pull him down in a county hook, my man.
Pull him down in a county hook
Line up baby, y'all take a look
Pull him down in a county hook, my man.

Under that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!
Under that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!
Underneath that tree
There's just gonna be you and me
Underneath that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!

Now I wish to my soul I had seven years, uh-huh
Now I wish to my soul I had seven years, uh-huh
Hey, if I fall on your buryin' ground
Didn't catch your name, but he had a hound
Bad on down there on the avenue, oh yeah

Under that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!
Under that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!
Underneath that tree
There's just gonna be you and me
Underneath that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!

Under that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!
Under that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!
Underneath that tree
There's just gonna be you and me
Underneath that apple suckling tree, oh yeah!/nAre you ready, are you ready?

Are you ready to meet Jesus?
Are you where you ought to be?
Will He know you when He sees you
Or will He say, "Depart from Me"?

Are you ready, hope you're ready.
Am I ready, am I ready?
Am I ready, am I ready?

Am I ready to lay down my life for the brethren
And to take up my cross?
Have I surrendered to the will of God
Or am I still acting like the boss?

Am I ready, hope I'm ready.

When destruction cometh swiftly
And there's no time to say a fare-thee-well,
Have you decided whether you want to be
In heaven or in hell?

Are you ready, are you ready?

Have you got some unfinished business?
Is there something holding you back?
Are you thinking for yourself
Or are you following the pack?

Are you ready, hope you're ready.
Are you ready?

Are you ready for the judgment?
Are you ready for that terrible swift sword?
Are you ready for Armageddon?
Are you ready for the day of the Lord?

Are you ready, I hope you're ready./nTo breathe air around Tom Paine's
I spied the fairest damsel
That ever did walk in chains

I offered her my hand
She took me by the arm
I knew that very instant
She meant to do me harm

"Depart from me this moment"
I told her with my voice
Said she, "But I don't wish to"
Said I, "But you have no choice"

"I beg you, sir," she pleaded
From the corners of her mouth
"I will secretly accept you
And together we'll fly south"

Just then, Tom Paine himself
Came running from across the field
Shouting at this lovely girl
And commanding her to yield

And as she was letting go her grip
Up Tom Paine did run
"I'm sorry, sir," he said to me
"I'm sorry for what she's done"/nAnd sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna hear my milk cow moan
And sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna hit the highway road
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.

Sometimes I'm in the mood, Lord, I had my overflowin' fill
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna make out my final will
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna head for the walkin' hill
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.

Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna lay right down and die
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna climb up to the sky
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna laugh until I cry
But then again, I said again, I said again, I said
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.

Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna sleep in my pony's stall
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I ain't gonna do nothin' at all
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna fly like a cannon ball
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.

Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna back up against the wall
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna run till I have to crawl
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I ain't gonna do nothin' at all
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.

Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna change my house around
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna make a change in this here town
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna change the world around
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you./nBut you're back where you belong.
Go get me my pistol, babe,
Honey, I can't tell right from wrong.

Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
Baby, please stop crying.
You know, I know, the sun will always shine
But baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.

Go down to the river, babe,
Honey, I will meet you there.
Go down to the river, babe,
Honey, I will pay your fare.

Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
Baby, please stop crying.
You know, I know, the sun will always shine
But baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.

If you're looking for assistance, babe,
Or if you just want some company
Or if you just want a friend you can talk to,
Honey, come and see about me.

Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
Baby, please stop crying.
You know, I know, the sun will always shine
But baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.

You been hurt so many times
And I know what you're thinking of.
Well, I don't have to be no doctor, babe,
To see that you're madly in love.

But baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
Baby, please stop crying.
You know, I know, the sun will always shine
But baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind./nI looked as far as I could see, baby
Well, I looked as far as I could see
All mankind in misery
Baby, won't you be my baby?

Well, I looked East, I looked West, baby
I looked East, I looked West, baby
Well, I looked East, I looked West
There was nothing I could see that I liked the best
Baby, won't you be my baby?

Go down the land, drop your heavy load, baby
Go down the land, drop your load, baby
Go down the land, drop your load
Just don't look back, it's a dead end road
Baby, won't you be my baby?

Now East and West the fire will rise, baby
East and West the fire will rise, baby
East and West the fire will rise
Shut your mouth, close your eyes
Baby, won't you be my baby?

Oh, I been off savin' your time, baby
I ain't tryin' to mess, I'll just save your time, baby
I ain't tryin' to mess, just save your time
But it's your life, it's not mine
Baby, won't you be my baby?/nWith the innocence of a lamb, she was gentle like a fawn
I courted her proudly but now she is gone
Gone as the season she's taken

In a young summer's youth, I stole her away
From her mother and sister, though close did they stay
Each one of them suffering from the failures of their day
With strings of guilt, they tried hard to guide us

Of the two sisters, I loved the young
With sensitive instincts, she was the creative one
The constant scrapegoat, she was easily undone
By the jealousy of others around her

For her parasite sister, I had no respect
Bound by her boredom, her pride to protect
Countless visions of the other she'd reflect
As a crutch for her scenes and her society

Myself, for what I did, I cannot be excused
The changes I was going through can't even be used
For the lies that I told her in hope not to lose
The could-be dream-lover of my lifetime

With unseen consciousness, I possessed in my grip
A magnificent mantelpiece, though its heart being chipped
Noticing not that I'd already slipped
To a sin of love's false security

From silhouetted anger to manufactured peace
Answers of emptiness voice vacancies
Till the tombstones of damage read no questions but, "Please-
What's wrong, what's exactly the matter?"

And so it did happen like it could have been foreseen
The timeless explosion of fantasy's dream
At the peak of the night, the king and the queen
Tumbled all down into pieces

"The tragic figure," her sister did shout.
"Leave her alone, goddamn you, get out."
And I in my armor, turning about
And nailing her in the ruins of her pettiness

Beneath a bare lightbulb the plaster did pound
Her sister and I in a screaming battleground
And she in between, the victim of sound
Soon shattered as a child to the shadows

All is gone, all is gone, admit it, take flight
I gagged in contradiction, tears blinding my sight
My mind it was mangled, I ran into the night
Leaving all of love's ashes behind me

The wind knocks my window, the room it is wet
The words to say I'm sorry, I haven't found yet
I think of her often and hope whoever she's met
Will be fully aware of how precious she is

Ah, my friends from the prison, they ask unto me
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"
And I answer them most mysteriously
"Are birds free from the chains of the skyway?"/nWatchin' that old smokestack.
Train is a-leavin' but it won't be back.

Years ago we hang around,
Watchin' trains roll through the town.
Now that train is a-graveyard bound.

Where we go up in that North country,
Lakes and streams and mines so free,
I had no better friend than he.

Something happened to him that day,
I thought I heard a stranger say,
I hung my head and stole away.

A diesel truck was headin' down,
Pullin' down a heavy load.
It left him on a Utah road.

They carried him back to his home town,
His mother cried, his sister moaned,
Listenin' to them church bells tone.

A diesel truck was rollin' slow,
Pullin' down a heavy load.
And it left him on a Utah road./nWith your pencil in your hand
You see somebody naked
And you say, "Who is that man?"
You try so hard
But you don't understand
Just what you'll say
When you get home

Because something is happening here
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

You raise up your head
And you ask, "Is this where it is?"
And somebody points to you and says
"It's his"
And you say, "What's mine?"
And somebody else says, "Where what is?"
And you say, "Oh my God
Am I here all alone?"

But something is happening
And you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

You hand in your ticket
And you go watch the geek
Who immediately walks up to you
When he hears you speak
And says, "How does it feel
To be such a freak?"
And you say, "Impossible"
As he hands you a bone

And something is happening here
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

You have many contacts
Among the lumberjacks
To get you facts
When someone attacks your imagination
But nobody has any respect
Anyway they already expect you
To all give a check
To tax-deductible charity organizations

You've been with the professors
And they've all liked your looks
With great lawyers you have
Discussed lepers and crooks
You've been through all of
F. Scott Fitzgerald's books
You're very well read
It's well known

But something is happening here
And you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

Well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you
And then he kneels
He crosses himself
And then he clicks his high heels
And without further notice
He asks you how it feels
And he says, "Here is your throat back
Thanks for the loan"

And you know something is happening
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

Now you see this one-eyed midget
Shouting the word "Now"
And you say, "For what reason?"
And he says, "How?"
And you say, "What does this mean?"
And he screams back, "You're a cow
Give me some milk
Or else go home"

And you know something is happening
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

Well, you walk into the room
Like a camel and then you frown
You put your eyes in your pocket
And your nose on the ground
There ought to be a law
Against you comin' around
You should be made
To wear earphones

'Cause something is happening
And you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?/nI stand before you all.
I was judged by you a murderer
And the hangman's knot must fall.
I will die upon the gallows pole
When the moon is shining clear,
And these are my final words
That you will ever hear.

I left my home in Kansas
When I was very young,
I landed in the old Northwest,
Seattle, Washington
Although I'd a-traveled many miles,
I never made a friend,
For I could never get along in life
With people that I met.

If I had some education
To give me a decent start,
I might have been a doctor or
A master in the arts.
But I used my hands for stealing
When I was very young,
And they locked me down in jailhouse cells,
That's how my life begun.

Oh, the inmates and the prisoners,
I found they were my kind,
And it was there inside the bars
I found my peace of mind.
But the jails they were too crowded,
Institutions overflowed,
So they turned me loose to walk upon
Life's hurried tangled road.

And there's danger on the ocean
Where the salt sea waves split high,
And there's danger on the battlefield
Where the shells of bullets fly,
And there's danger in this open world
Where men strive to be free,
And for me the greatest danger
Was in society.

So I asked them to send me back
To the institution home.
But they said they were too crowded,
For me they had no room.
I got down on my knees and begged,
"Oh, please put me away,"
But they would not listen to my plea
Or nothing I would say.

And so it was on Christmas eve
In the year of '59,
It was on that night I killed a man,
I did not try to hide,
The jury found me guilty
And I won't disagree,
For I knew that it would happen
If I wasn't put away.

And I'm glad I've had no parents
To care for me or cry,
For now they will never know
The horrible death I die.
And I'm also glad I've had no friends
To see me in disgrace,
For they'll never see that hangman's hood
Wrap around my face.

Farewell unto the old north woods
Of which I used to roam,
Farewell unto the crowded bars
Of which've been my home,
Farewell to all you people
Who think the worst of me,
I guess you'll feel much better when
I'm on that hanging tree.

But there's just one question
Before they kill me dead,
I'm wondering just how much
To you I really said
Concerning all the boys that come
Down a road like me,
Are they enemies or victims
Of your society?/nNone/nSo when Frankie Lee needed money one day, Judas quickly pulled out a roll of tens
And placed them on a footstool just above the potted plain
Sayin', "Take your pick, Frankie Boy, my loss will be your gain"

Well, Frankie Lee, he sat right down and put his fingers to his chin
But with the cold eyes of Judas on him, his head began to spin
"Could you please not stare at me like that?" he said, "it's just my foolish pride
But sometimes a man must be alone, and this is no place to hide"

Well, Judas, he just winked and said, "Alright, I'll leave you here
But you'd better hurry up and choose which of those bills you want before they all disappear"
"I'm gonna start my pickin' right now, just tell me where you'll be"
Judas pointed down the road and said, "Eternity"

"Eternity?" said Frankie Lee, with a voice as cold as ice
"That's right," said Judas, "Eternity, though you might call it paradise"
"I don't call it anything," said Frankie Lee with a smile
"Alright," said Judas Priest, "I'll see you after a while"

Well, Frankie Lee, he sat back down, feelin' low and mean
When just then a passing stranger burst upon the scene
Saying, "Are you Frankie Lee the gambler, whose father's deceased?
Well, if you are, there's a fellow callin' you down the road and they say his name is Priest"

"Oh, yes, he is my friend," said Frankie Lee in fright
"I do recall him very well, in fact he just left my sight"
"Yes, that's the one," said the stranger, as quiet as a mouse
"Oh, my message is he's down the road, stranded in a house"

Well, Frankie Lee, he panicked, he dropped everything and ran
Until he came unto the spot where Judas Priest did stand
"What kind of house is this," he said, "Where I have come to roam?"
"It's not a house," says Judas Priest, "it's not a house, it's a home"

Well, Frankie Lee, he trembled, he soon lost all control
Over everything which he had made while the mission bells did toll
He just stood there staring at that big house as bright as any sun
With four and twenty windows and a woman's face in every one

Well, up the stairs ran Frankie Lee with a soulful, bounding leap
And foaming at the mouth, he began to make his midnight creep
For sixteen nights and days he raved, but on the seventeenth he burst
Into the arms of Judas Priest, which is where he died of thirst

No one tried to say a thing when they carried him out in jest
Except, of course, the little neighbor boy who carried him to rest
And he just walked along alone with his guilt so well-concealed
And muttered underneath his breath, "Nothing is revealed"

Well, the moral of the story, the moral of this song
Is simply that one should never be where one does not belong
So when you see your neighbor carrying somethin', help him with his load
And don't go mistaking paradise for that home across the road/nHollis Brown, he lived on the outside of town
With his wife and five children and his cabin broken down

You looked for work and money and you walked a ragged mile
You looked for work and money and you walked a ragged mile
Your children are so hungry that they don't know how to smile

Your baby's eyes look crazy, they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve
Your baby's eyes look crazy, they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve
You walk the floor and wonder why with every breath you breathe

The rats have got your flour, bad blood, it got your mare
The rats have got your flour, bad blood, it got your mare
If there's anyone that knows, is there anyone that cares?

You prayed to the Lord above, oh please send you a friend
You prayed to the Lord above, oh please send you a friend
Your empty pockets tell you that you ain't a-got no friend

Your baby's a-cryin' louder now, it's a-poundin' on your brain
Your baby's a-cryin' louder now, it's a-poundin' on your brain
Your wife screams are stabbing you like the dirty driving rain

Your grass is turnin' black, there's no water in your well
Your grass is turnin' black, there's no water in your well
You spent your last lone dollar on seven shotgun shells

Way out in the wilderness, a cold coyote calls
Way out in the wilderness, a cold coyote calls
Your eyes fix on a shotgun that's hangin' on the wall

Your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand
Your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand
Your eyes fix on a shotgun that you're holdin' in your hand

There's seven breezes blowin' all around the cabin door
There's seven breezes blowin' all around the cabin door
Seven shots ring out like the ocean's pounding roar

There's seven people dead on a South Dakota farm
There's seven people dead on a South Dakota farm
Somewhere in the distance there's seven new people born/nNone/nNone/nNone/nYou're the only love I've ever known
Just as long as you stay with me
The whole world is my throne

Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' we can call our own

Well, I'm moving after midnight
Down boulevards of broken cars
Don't know what I'd do without it
Without this love that we call ours

Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' but the moon and stars

Down every street there's a window
And every window made of glass
We'll keep on loving, pretty baby
For as long as love will last

Beyond here lies nothin'
But the mountains of the past

Well, my ship is in the harbor
And the sails are spread
Listen to me, pretty baby
Lay your hand upon my head

Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' done and nothin' said/nAt the end of the rainbow life has only begun
In the long hours of twilight 'neath the stardust above
Beyond the horizon it is easy to love

I'm touched with desire
What don't I do?
Through flame and through fire
I'll build my world around you

Beyond the horizon, in the Springtime or Fall
Love waits forever, for one and for all

Beyond the horizon, across the divide
'Round about midnight, we'll be on the same side
Down in the valley the water runs cold
Beyond the horizon someone prayed for your soul

My wretched heart is pounding
I felt an angel's kiss
My memories are drowning
In mortal bliss

Beyond the horizon, at the end of the game
Every step that you take, I'm walking the same

Beyond the horizon, the night winds blow
The theme of a melody from many moons ago
The bells of St. Mary, how sweetly they chime
Beyond the horizon I found you just in time

It's dark and it's dreary
I've been pleading in vain
I'm wounded and I'm weary
My repentance is plain

Beyond the horizon, over the treacherous sea
I still can't believe that you have set aside your love for me

Beyond the horizon, 'neath crimson skies
In the soft light of morning I'll follow you with my eyes
Through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone
Beyond the horizon right down to the bone

It's the right time of the season
Somebody there always cared
There's always a reason
Why someone's life has been spared

Beyond the horizon, the sky is so blue
I've got more than a lifetime to live lovin' you/nNone/nLawman on your trail, he'd like to catch ya
Bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get ya
Billy, they don't like you to be so free

Campin' out all night on the berenda
Dealin' cards 'til dawn in the hacienda
Up to Boot Hill they'd like to send ya
Billy, don't you turn your back on me

Playin' around with some sweet senorita
Into her dark hallway she will lead ya
In some lonesome shadows she will greet ya
Billy, you're so far away from home

There's eyes behind the mirrors in empty places
Bullet holes and scars between the spaces
There's always one more notch and ten more paces
Billy, and you're walkin' all alone

They say that Pat Garrett's got your number
So sleep with one eye open when you slumber
Every little sound just might be thunder
Thunder from the barrel of his gun

Guitars will play your grand finale
Down in some Tularosa alley
Maybe in the Rio Pecos valley
Billy, you're so far away from home

There's always some new stranger sneakin' glances
Some trigger-happy fool willin' to take chances
And some old whore from San Pedro to make advances
Advances on your spirit and your soul

The businessmen from Taos want you to go down
They've hired Pat Garrett to force a showdown
Billy, don't it make ya feel so low-down
To be shot down by the man who was your friend?

Hang on to your woman if you got one
Remember in El Paso, once, you shot one
She may have been a whore, but she was a hot one
Billy, you been runnin' for so long

Guitars will play your grand finale
Down in some Tularosa alley
Maybe in the Rio Pecos valley
Billy, you're so far away from home/nThere's a lawman on your trail like to surround you
Bounty hunters are dancing all around you
Billy, they don't like you to be so free.

Camping out all night on the berenda
Walking in the streets down by the hacienda
Up to Boot Hill they'd like to send you
Billy, don't you turn your back on me.

There's mills inside the minds of crazy faces
Bullet holes and rifles in their cases
There is always one more notchin' for more aces
Billy, and you're playing all alone.

Playing around with some sweet señorita
Into her dark chamber she will greet you
In the shadows of the maizes she will lead you
Billy, and you're going all alone.

They say that Pat Garrett's got your number
So sleep with one eye open, when you wander
If every little sound just might be thunder
Thunder from the barrel of his gun.

There's always another stranger sneaking glances
Some trigger-happy fool willing to take chances
Some old whore from San Pedro'll make advances
Advances on your spirit and your soul.

The businessmen from Taos want you to go down
So they've hired mister Garrett, he'll force you to slow down
Billy, don't let it make you feel so low down
To be hunted by the man who was your friend.

So hang on to your woman, if you got one
Remember in El Paso once you shot one
I'll be in Santa Fe about one
Billy, you've been running for so long.

Gypsy queens will play your grand finale
Way down in some Tularosa alley
Maybe in La Rio Pecas valley
Billy, you're so far away from home
Billy, you're so far away from home/nInto her dark hallway she will lead you
In some lonesome shadow she might greet you
Billy, you’re so doggone far away from home

They say that Pat Garrett’s got your number
Sleep with one eye open when you slumber
Every little sound just might be thunder
Thunder from the barrel of his gun

Maybe you will find yourself tomorrow
Drinking in some bar to hide your sorrow
Spending the time that you borrow
Figuring a way to get back home/nlupa/nI woke in the mornin' wandering, weary and worn out
Wishin' my long-lost lover would walk to me and talk to me
Tell me what it's all about

I was standin' at the side road, listenin' to the billboard knock
Standin' at the side road, listenin' to the billboard knock
Well, my wrist was empty but my nerves were kickin'
Tickin' like a clock

If I got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front
If I got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front
You can come to me sometime, nighttime, daytime
Anytime you want

Sometimes I'm thinkin' I'm too high to fall
Sometimes I'm thinkin' I'm much too high to fall
Other times I'm thinkin' I'm so low I don't know
If I can come up at all

Black crows in the meadow, sleepin' across the broad highway
Black crows in the meadow across the broad highway
Though it's funny, honey, I'm out of touch
Don't feel much like a scarecrow today/nShe wears a necktie and her Panama hat.
Her passport shows a face
From another time and place
She looks nothin' like that.
And all the remnants of her recent past
Are scattered in the wild wind.
She walks across the marble floor
Where a voice from the gambling room is callin' her to come on in.
She smiles, walks the other way
As the last ship sails and the moon fades away
From Black Diamond Bay.

As the mornin' light breaks open, the Greek comes down
And he asks for a rope and a pen that will write.
"Pardon, monsieur," the desk clerk says,
Carefully removes his fez,
"Am I hearin' you right?"
And as the yellow fog is liftin'
The Greek is quickly headin' for the second floor.
She passes him on the spiral staircase
Thinkin' he's the Soviet Ambassador,
She starts to speak, but he walks away
As the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway
On Black Diamond Bay.

A soldier sits beneath the fan
Doin' business with a tiny man who sells him a ring.
Lightning strikes, the lights blow out.
The desk clerk wakes and begins to shout,
"Can you see anything?"
Then the Greek appears on the second floor
In his bare feet with a rope around his neck,
While a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle,
Says, "Open up another deck."
But the dealer says, "Attendez-vous, s'il vous plait,"
As the rain beats down and the cranes fly away
From Black Diamond Bay.

The desk clerk heard the woman laugh
As he looked around in the aftermath and the soldier got tough.
He tried to grab the woman's hand,
Said, "Here's a ring, it cost a grand."
She said, "That ain't enough."
Then she ran upstairs to pack her bags
While a horse-drawn taxi waited at the curb.
She passed the door that the Greek had locked,
Where a handwritten sign read, "Do Not Disturb."
She knocked upon it anyway
As the sun went down and the music did play
On Black Diamond Bay.

"I've got to talk to someone quick!"
But the Greek said, "Go away," and he kicked the chair to the floor.
He hung there from the chandelier.
She cried, "Help, there's danger near
Please open up the door!"
Then the volcano erupted
And the lava flowed down from the mountain high above.
The soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner
Thinking of forbidden love.
But the desk clerk said, "It happens every day,"
As the stars fell down and the fields burned away
On Black Diamond Bay.

As the island slowly sank
The loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room.
The dealer said, "It's too late now.
You can take your money, but I don't know how
You'll spend it in the tomb."
The tiny man bit the soldier's ear
As the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew,
While she's out on the balcony, where a stranger tells her,
"My darling, je vous aime beaucoup."
She sheds a tear and then begins to pray
As the fire burns on and the smoke drifts away
From Black Diamond Bay.

I was sittin' home alone one night in L.A.,
Watchin' old Cronkite on the seven o'clock news.
It seems there was an earthquake that
Left nothin' but a Panama hat
And a pair of old Greek shoes.
Didn't seem like much was happenin',
So I turned it off and went to grab another beer.
Seems like every time you turn around
There's another hard-luck story that you're gonna hear
And there's really nothin' anyone can say
And I never did plan to go anyway
To Black Diamond Bay./nSaying, "This land is condemned
All the way from New Orleans
To Jerusalem."
I traveled through East Texas
Where many martyrs fell
And I know no one can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell

Well, I heard the hoot owl singing
As they were taking down the tents
The stars above the barren trees
Were his only audience
Them charcoal gypsy maidens
Can strut their feathers well
But nobody can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell

See them big plantations burning
Hear the cracking of the whips
Smell that sweet magnolia blooming
(And) see the ghosts of slavery ships
I can hear them tribes a-moaning
(I can) hear the undertaker's bell
(Yeah), nobody can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell

There's a woman by the river
With some fine young handsome man
He's dressed up like a squire
Bootlegged whiskey in his hand
There's a chain gang on the highway
I can hear them rebels yell
And I know no one can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell

Well, God is in his heaven
And we all want what's his
But power and greed and corruptible seed
Seem to be all that there is
I'm gazing out the window
Of the St. James Hotel
And I know no one can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell/nBefore you call him a man?
How many seas must the white dove sail
Before she sleeps in the sand?

Yes, and how many times must the cannonballs fly
Before they are forever banned?
The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind
The answer is blowin' in the wind

Yes, and how many years can a mountain exist
Before it is washed to the sea?
Yes, and how many years can some people exist
Before they're allowed to be free?

Yes, and how many times can a man turn his head
And pretend that he just doesn't see?
The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind
The answer is blowin' in the wind

Yes, and how many times must a man look up
Before he can see the sky?
Yes, and how many ears must one man have
Before he can hear people cry?

Yes, and how many deaths will it take 'til he knows
That too many people have died?
The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind
The answer is blowin' in the wind/nI yelled for Captain Arab I have you understand
Who came running to the deck, said, "Boys, forget the whale
We're going over yonder, cut the engines, change the sail
Haul on the bowline," we sang that melody
Like all tough sailors do when they're far away at sea

"I think I'll call it America," I said as we hit land
I took a deep breath, I fell down, I could not stand
Captain Arab, he started writing up some deeds
He said, "Let's set up a fort and start buying the place with beads"
Just then this cop comes down the street, crazy as a loon
He throws us all in jail for carryin' harpoons

Ah, me, I busted out, don't even ask me how
I went to get some help, I walked by a Guernsey cow
Who directed me down to the Bowery slums
Where people carried signs around, saying, "Ban the bums"
I jumped right into line saying, "I hope that I'm not late"
When I realized I hadn't eaten for five days straight

I went into a restaurant, lookin' for the cook
I told them I was the editor of a famous etiquette book
The waitress he was handsome, he wore a powder blue cape
I ordered some suzette, I said, "Could you please make that crepe?"
Just then the whole kitchen exploded from boilin' fat
Food was flying everywhere, I left without my hat

Now, I didn't mean to be nosy, but I went into a bank
To get some bail for Arab and all the boys back in the tank
They asked me for some collateral, and I pulled down my pants
They threw me in the alley when up comes this girl from France
Who invited me to her house. I went, but she had a friend
Who knocked me out and robbed my boots and I was on the street again

Well, I rapped upon a house with the U.S. flag upon display
I said, "Could you help me out? I got some friends down the way"
The man says, "Get out of here, I'll tear you limb from limb"
I said, "You know they refused Jesus, too."  He said, "You're not Him
Get out of here before I break your bones, I ain't your pop"
I decided to have him arrested and I went looking for a cop

I ran right outside, I hopped inside a cab
I went out the other door, this Englishman said, "Fab"
As he saw me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot that stood
Parked across from a building advertising brotherhood
I ran right through the front door like a hobo sailor does
But it was just a funeral parlor, and the man asked me who I was

I repeated that my friends were all in jail, with a sigh
He gave me his card, he said, "Call me if they die"
I shook his hand and said goodbye, ran out to the street
When a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet
A pay phone was ringing and it just about blew my mind
When I picked it up and said hello, this foot came through the line

Well, by this time I was fed up at tryin' to make a stab
At bringin' back any help for my friends and Captain Arab
I decided to flip a coin like either heads or tails
Would let me know if I should go back to ship or back to jail
So I hocked my sailor suit and I got a coin to flip
It came up tails, it rhymed with sails, so I made it back to the ship

Well, I got back and took the parkin' ticket off the mast
I was ripping it to shreds when this Coast Guard boat went past
They asked me my name and I said, "Captain Kidd"
They believed me but they wanted to know what exactly that I did
I said for the Pope of Eruke I was employed
They let me go right away, they were very paranoid

Well, the last I heard of Arab, he was stuck on a whale
That was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail
But the funniest thing was when I was leavin' the bay
I saw three ships a-sailin', they were all heading my way
I asked the captain what his name was and how come he didn't drive a truck
He said his name was Columbus. I just said, "Good luck"/nWell, the Lone Ranger and Tonto were ridin' down the line
Fixin' everybody's troubles, everybody's 'cept mine
Someone must've told em that I was doin' fine

Oh, you five and ten cent women there's nothin' in your heads
I got a real gal I'm in love with, Lord, I'll love her till I'm dead
Go away from my door and my window too right now

Lord, I ain't goin' down to no racetrack to see no sports car run
I don't have no sports car and I don't even care to have one
I can walk anytime around the block

Well, the wind keeps a-blowin' me up and down the street
With my hat in my hand and my boots on my feet
Watch out so you don't step on me, on me

Well, look it here, buddy, you want to be like me
Pull your your six-shooter and rob every bank you see
Tell the judge I said it was alright, yeah/nI fell asleep for to take my rest
I dreamed a dream that made me sad
Concerning myself and the first few friends I had

With half-damp eyes I stared to the room
Where my friends and I had spent many an afternoon
Where we together weathered many a storm
Laughin' and singin' 'til the early hours of the morn'

By the old wooden stove where our hats was hung
Our words was told, our songs was sung
Where we longed for nothin' and were satisfied
Jokin' and talkin' about the world outside

With hungry hearts through the heat and cold
We never much thought we could get very old
We thought we could sit forever in fun
Our chances really was a million to one

As easy it was to tell black from white
It was all that easy to tell wrong from right
And our choices, they was few so the thought never hit
That the one road we traveled would ever shatter or split

Now many a year has passed and gone
Many a gamble has been lost and won
And many a road taken by many a first friend
And each one I've never seen again

I wish, I wish, I wish in vain
That we could sit simply in that room again
Ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat
I'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like that/nI was feelin' kinda low down, dirty an' mean
Along come a fella and he didn't even ask
He said, "I know of a woman who can fix you up fast."

Well I didn't think twice, I just said like I should
"Let's go find this lady who can do me some good."
We walked across Rampart on a sailin' spree
And we come to a door called one-oh-three.

I's just about ready to give my little knock
When out comes a fella who couldn't even walk
He's linkin' and a-slinkin', couldn't stand on his feet
And he moaned and he groaned and he shuffled down the street.

Well, out of the door there comes another man
He couldn't even talk and he couldn't even stand
He moaned and he groaned and he shuffled his feet
And he slid slidin' backwards down on Rampart street.

Well, I peeked thru the key hole and comin' down the hall
Was a long legged man who could hardly crawl
He had a terrible mean look in his eye
Like he'd just fall to burn, he's was ready to die.

Well somebody else with his hell of a miss
Fell out of the window and he fell the test
Well he slid and he slunk in broken french
And he looked like he'd been thru a monkey wrench.

Well, by this time I was a-scared to knock
I was a-scared to move, I's in a state of shock
I hummed a little tune and I shuffled my feet
And I started walkin' backwards down Rampart street.

Well, I got to the corner I tried my best smile
I turned around the corner and I ran a bloody mile
Man, I wasn't around for to meet my wife
I's just a-runnin' for to save my life.

Well, I's coughin' in my ears and wheezin' in my chest
I musta run a mile in a minute or less
I tripped on a log and I flumped on a stump
I caught a fast freight train with a one-arm jump.

So if you're travellin' down Louisiana way
And you're feelin' kinda lonesome and you need a place to stay
Man, you're better off in your misery
Than to tackle that lady in one-oh-three./nNone/nI'm sailin' away in the morning
Is there something I can send you from across the sea
From the place that I'll be landing?

No, there's nothin' you can send me, my own true love
There's nothin' I'm wishin' to be ownin'
Just a-carry yourself back to me unspoiled
From across that lonesome ocean

Ah, but I just thought you might want something fine
Made of silver or of golden
Either from the mountains of Madrid
Or from the coast of Barcelona

If I had the stars of the darkest night
And the diamonds from the deepest ocean
I'd forsake them all for your sweet kiss
For that's all I'm wishin' to be ownin'

That I might be gone a long old time
And it's only that I'm askin'
Is there something I can send you to remember me by
To make your time more easy passin'?

Oh, how can, how can you ask me again?
It only brings me sorrow
The same thing I would want today
I will want again tomorrow

Oh, I got a letter on a lonesome day
It was from her ship a-sailin'
Saying "I don't know when I'll be comin' back again
It depends on how I'm a-feelin'"

If you, my love, must think that-a-way
I'm sure your mind is a-roamin'
I'm sure your thoughts are not with me
But with the country to where you're goin'

So take heed, take heed of the western winds
Take heed of the stormy weather
And yes, there's something you can send back to me
Spanish boots of Spanish leather/nIn the blinking stardust of a pale blue light
You're comin' thru to me in black and white
When we were made of dreams.

You're blowing down the shaky street,
You're hearing my heart beat
In the record breaking heat
Where we were born in time.

Not one more night, not one more kiss,
Not this time baby, no more of this,
Takes too much skill, takes too much will,
It's revealing.
You came, you saw, just like the law
You married young, just like your ma,
You tried and tried, you made me slide
You left me reelin' with this feelin'.

On the rising curve
Where the ways of nature will test every nerve,
You won't get anything you don't deserve
Where we were born in time.

You pressed me once, you pressed me twice,
You hang the flame, you'll pay the price,
Oh babe, that fire
Is still smokin'.
You were snow, you were rain
You were striped, you were plain,
Oh babe, truer words
Have not been spoken or broken.

In the hills of mystery,
In the foggy web of destiny,
You can have what's left of me,
Where we were born in time./nBound to walk to the road again
Bound to lose, bound to win
Bound for a-walkin' the road again

Well, I'm just one of them ramblin' men
Ramblin' since I don't know when
Here I come and I'm-a gone again
You might think I got no end

Bound to lose, I'm bound to win
I'm bound for a-walkin' the road again
Bound to lose, I'm bound to win
Bound for a-walkin' the road again/n(??) oh so sweet
Hold that down, you better keep it neat
For when it's over, it was incomplete
Oh, I took it down and said, oh, oh have a seat
But I don't live down on Bourbon Street
No more, no more, no more, no more
No, I don't live on Bourbon Street no more.

Bourbon Street lordy-town
You better keep it sweet
Put all your loving apples on your feet
But I don't even mind if you want to scratch your feet
You can bag it down in butter, butter sweet
Now don't (??) on my Bourbon Street.

Now, Bourbon Street
A happiness will get you, Bourbon Street
The girls they won't forget you down at Bourbon Street.
Here they come now
Here they come now
Here they come now
Oh them little girls

Well, I went down a-looking for Bourbon Street
I look a-high and low and then it took me off my feet
Bourbon Street
Oh man, let me tell ya, Bourbon Street
Mister bartender, I’ll have another Bourbon Street



Well let me tell ya, Bourbon Street
Let me have another Bourbon Street
Tell me young brother I want a Bourbon Street
I want a Bourbon Street now
Mister bartender, I’ll have..
I’ll have another Bourbon Street/nNone/nAbout a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred Gregory Peck.
He was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself.
The townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.

Well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp
as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath.
Turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square,
I want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.

Well, I keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in
And you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain.
You know I can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart.
The memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.

I can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert
In your busted down Ford and your platform heels
I could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet
Ah, but you were right. It was perfect as I got in behind the wheel.

Well, we drove that car all night into San Anton'
And we slept near the Alamo, your skin was so tender and soft.
Way down in Mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back.
I would have gone on after you but I didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.

Well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the Rockies,
Now I know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul.
But I'm too over the edge and I ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when I was your only man
And she don't want to remind me. She knows this car would go out of control.

Brownsville girl with your Brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
Brownsville girl, show me all around the world, Brownsville girl, you're my honey love.

Well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards Amarillo
We pulled up where Henry Porter used to live. He owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile.
Ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. She saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust.
She said, "Henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."

Then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started.
But ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up.
She said, "Welcome to the land of the living dead." You could tell she was so broken-hearted.
She said, "Even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."

"How far are y'all going?" Ruby asked us with a sigh.
"We're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn,
'Til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies."
Ruby just smiled and said, "Ah, you know some babies never learn."

Something about that movie though, well I just can't get it out of my head
But I can't remember why I was in it or what part I was supposed to play.
All I remember about it was Gregory Peck and the way people moved
And a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.

Brownsville girl with your Brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
Brownsville girl, show me all around the world, Brownsville girl, you're my honey love.

Well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour.
I was crossin' the street when shots rang out.
I didn't know whether to duck or to run, so I ran.
"We got him cornered in the churchyard," I heard somebody shout.

Well, you saw my picture in the Corpus Christi Tribune. Underneath it, it said, "A man with no alibi."
You went out on a limb to testify for me, you said I was with you.
Then when I saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears,
It was the best acting I saw anybody do.

Now I've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line.
Oh if there's an original thought out there, I could use it right now.
You know, I feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. I could feel a whole lot better,
If you were just here by my side to show me how.

Well, I'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring Gregory Peck,
Yeah, but you know it's not the one that I had in mind.
He's got a new one out now, I don't even know what it's about
But I'll see him in anything so I'll stand in line.

Brownsville girl with your Brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
Brownsville girl, show me all around the world, Brownsville girl, you're my honey love.

You know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned.
The only thing we knew for sure about Henry Porter is that his name wasn't Henry Porter.
And you know there was somethin' about you baby that I liked that was always too good for this world
Just like you always said there was something about me you liked that I left behind in the French Quarter.

Strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content.
I don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when I'm gone.
You always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent.
And I always said, "Hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."

There was a movie I seen one time, I think I sat through it twice.
I don't remember who I was or where I was bound.
All I remember about it was it starred Gregory Peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back.
Seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.

Brownsville girl with your Brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
Brownsville girl, show me all around the world, Brownsville girl, you're my honey love./nBuckets of tears
Got all them buckets comin' out of my ears.
Buckets of moonbeams in my hand,
You got all the love, honey baby,
I can stand.

I been meek
And hard like an oak
I seen pretty people disappear like smoke.
Friends will arrive, friends will disappear,
If you want me, honey baby,
I'll be here.

I like your smile
And your fingertips
I like the way that you move your hips.
I like the cool way you look at me,
Everything about you is bringing me
Misery.

Little red wagon
Little red bike
I ain't no monkey but I know what I like.
I like the way you love me strong and slow,
I'm takin' you with me, honey baby,
When I go.

Life is sad
Life is a bust
All ya can do is do what you must.
You do what you must do and ya do it well,
I do it for you, honey baby,
Can't you tell?/n/nWhile I'm sittin' on my watch so I can be on time
I'm singin' love's praises with sugar coated rhyme
Bye and bye, on you I'm castin' my eye

I'm paintin' the town, swingin' my partner around
Well I know who I can depend on, I know who to trust
I'm watchin' the road, I'm studyin' the dust
I'm paintin' the town, makin' my last go-round

Well I'm scufflin' and I'm shufflin' and I'm walkin' on briars
I'm not even aquainted with my own desires

I'm rollin' slow, I'm doin' all I know
I'm tellin' myself I've found true happiness
That I still got a dream that hasn't been repossessed
I'm rollin' slow goin' where the wild roses grow

Well, the future for me is already a thing of the past
You were my first love and you will be my last

Papa gone mad, Mama she's feelin' sad
Well, I'm gonna baptize you in fire so you can sin no more
I wanna establish my rule through civil war
Gonna make you see just how loyal and true a man can be/n'Neath the borderline
I'm goin' down south
'Neath the borderline
Some fat momma
Kissed my mouth one time

Well, I needed it this morning
Without a shadow of doubt
My suitcase is packed
My clothes are hangin' out

San Francisco's fine
You sure get lots of sun
San Francisco is fine
You sure get lots of sun
But I'm used to four seasons
California's got but one

Well, I got my dark sunglasses
I got for good luck my black tooth
I got my dark sunglasses
And for good luck I got my black tooth
Don't ask me nothin' about nothin'
I just might tell you the truth/nListenin' to them church bells tone
Yes, I walked all night long
Listenin' to them church bells tone
Either someone needing mercy
Or maybe something I've done wrong

Well, your friends come by for you
I don't know what to say
Well, your friends come by for you
I don't know what to say
I just can't face up to tell 'em
Honey, you just went away

Well, children cry for mother
I tell them, "Mother took a trip"
Well, children cry for mother
I tell them, "Mother took a trip"
Well, I walk on pins and needles
I hope my tongue don't slip

Well, I gaze at passing strangers
In case I might see you
Yes, I gaze at passing strangers
In case I might see you
But the sun goes around the heavens
And another day just drives on through

Way out in the distance
I know you're with some other man
Way out in the distance
I know you're with some other man
But that's alright, baby
You know I always understand

Call girls in the doorway
All giving me the eye
Call girls in the doorway
All giving me the eye
But my heart's just not in it
I might as well pass right on by

My ears are ringin'
Ringin' like empty shells
My ears are ringin'
Ringin' like empty shells
Well, it can't be no guitar player
It must be convent bells/nAll along the homeward way
All my hopes are over the horizon
All my dreams have gone away
The hillside darkly shaded
Stars fall from above
All the joys of Earth have faded
The night's untouched, my love
I'll be here 'til tomorrow
Beneath a shroud of gray
I pretend I'm free of sorrow
My heart is miles away
The dead bells are ringing
My train is overdue
To your memory I'm clinging
I can't escape from you

Well I hear the sound of thunder
Roaring loud and long
Sometimes you've got to wonder
God knows I've done no wrong
You've wasted all your power
You threw out the Christmas pie
Now you're withering like a flower
You'll play the fool and die
I'm neither sad nor sorry
I'm all dressed up in black
I fought for fame and glory
You tried to break my back
In the far off sweet forever
The sunshine peeking through
We should have walked together
I can't escape from you

I cannot grasp the shadows
That gather near the door
Rain falls round my window
I wish I'd seen you more
The path is ever winding
The stars they never age
The morning light is blinding
All the world's a stage
Should be the time of gladness
Happy faces everywhere
The mystery of madness
Is propagating in the air
I don't like the city
Not like some folks do
Isn't it a pity
I can't escape from you

We plowed the fields of heaven
Right down to the end
I hope I can be forgiven
If any words of mine offend
All our days were splendid
They were simple, they were plain
It never should have ended
I should have kissed you in the rain
I've been thinking things all over
All the moments full of grace
The primrose and the clover
Your ever changing face
Can't help looking at you
You made love with god-knows-who
Never found a gal to match you
I can't escape from you/n/nNone/nIt's late, I'm trying to walk the line
Well, it's way past midnight and there's a-people all around
Some on their way up, some on their way down
The air burns and I'm trying to think straight
And I don't know how much longer I can wait

I'm your man, I'm trying to recover the sweet love that we knew
You understand that my heart can't go on beating without you
Well, your loveliness has wounded me, I'm reeling from the blow
I wish I knew what it was keeps me loving you so
I'm breathing hard, standing at the gate
But I don't know how much longer I can wait

Skies are grey, I'm looking for anything that will bring a happy glow
Night or day, it doesn't matter where I go anymore; I just go
If I ever saw you coming I don't know what I might do
I'd like to think I could control myself, but it isn't true
That's how it is when things disintegrate
And I don't know how much longer I can wait

I'm doomed to love you
I've been rolling through stormy weather
I'm thinking of you
And all the places we could roam together

It's mighty funny; the end of time has just begun
Oh, honey, after all these years you're still the one
Well, I'm strolling through the lonely graveyard of my mind
I left my life with you somewhere back there along the line
I thought somehow that I would be spared this fate
But I don't know how much longer I can wait/nPreoccupied with his vengeance
Cursing the dead that can't answer him back
I'm sure that he has no intentions
Of looking your way, unless it's to say
That he needs you to test his inventions.

Can you please crawl out your window?
Use your arms and legs it won't ruin you
How can you say he will haunt you?
You can go back to him any time you want to.

He looks so truthful, is this how he feels
Trying to peel the moon and expose it
With his businesslike anger and his bloodhounds that kneel
If he needs a third eye he just grows it
He just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk
Or pick it up after he throws it.

Can you please crawl out your window?
Use your arms and legs it won't ruin you
How can you say he will haunt you?
You can go back to him any time you want to.

Why does he look so righteous while your face is so changed
Are you frightened of the box you keep him in
While his genocide fools and his friends rearrange
Their religion of the little ten women
That backs up their views but your face is so bruised
Come on out the dark is beginning.

Can you please crawl out your window?
Use your arms and legs it won't ruin you
How can you say he will haunt you?
You can go back to him any time you want to./nFrom the city of seven hills near the place of the cross.
I was playing a show in Miami in the theater of divine comedy.
Told about Jesus, told about the rain,
She told me about the jungle where her brothers were slain
By a man who danced on the roof of the embassy. 

Was she a child or a woman, I can't say which
From one to another she could to easily switch
We went into the wall to where the long arm of the law could not reach.
Could I been used and played as a pawn?
It certainly was possible as the gay night wore on
Where men bathed in perfume and celebrated free speech.

And them Caribbean winds still blow from Nassau to Mexico
Fanning the flames in the furnace of desire
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,
Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.

She looked into my soul through the clothes that I wore
She said, "We got a mutual friend over by the door,
And you know he's got our best interest in mind."
He was well connected but her heart was a snare
And she had left him to die in there,
There were payments due and he was a little behind.

The cry of the peacock, flies buzz my head,
Ceiling fan broken, there's a heat in my bed,
Street band playing "Nearer My God to Thee."
We met at the steeple where the mission bells ring,
She said, "I know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing
You can do about it, so let us just agree to agree."

And them Caribbean winds still blow from Nassau to Mexico
Fanning the flames in the furnace of desire
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,
Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.

Atlantic City by the cold grey sea
I hear a voice crying, "Daddy," I always think it's for me,
But it's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call.
Every new messenger brings evil report
'Bout armies on the march and time that is short
And famines and earthquakes and hatred written upon walls.

Would I have married her? I don't know, I suppose.
She had bells in her braids and they hung to her toes
But I kept hearing my name and I had to be movin' on.
I saw screws break loose, saw the devil pound tin,
I saw a house in the country being torn from within.
I heard my ancestors calling from the land far beyond.

And them Caribbean winds still blow from Nassau to Mexico
Fanning the flames in the furnace of desire
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,
Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire./nCatfish on the mound.
"Strike three," the umpire said,
Batter have to go back and sit down.

Catfish, million-dollar-man,
Nobody can throw the ball like Catfish can.

Used to work on Mr. Finley's farm
But the old man wouldn't pay
So he packed his glove and took his arm
An' one day he just ran away.

Catfish, million-dollar-man,
Nobody can throw the ball like Catfish can.

Come up where the Yankees are,
Dress up in a pinstripe suit,
Smoke a custom-made cigar,
Wear an alligator boot.

Catfish, million-dollar-man,
Nobody can throw the ball like Catfish can.

Carolina born and bred,
Love to hunt the little quail.
Got a hundred-acre spread,
Got some huntin' dogs for sale.

Catfish, million-dollar-man,
Nobody can throw the ball like Catfish can.

Reggie Jackson at the plate
Seein' nothin' but the curve,
Swing too early or too late
Got to eat what Catfish serve.

Catfish, million-dollar-man,
Nobody can throw the ball like Catfish can.

Even Billy Martin grins
When the Fish is in the game.
Every season twenty wins
Gonna make the Hall of Fame.

Catfish, million-dollar-man,
Nobody can throw the ball like Catfish can./nThe cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down.
He got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.

The cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep.
Cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep.
She ain't hearing a thing, the silence is a-stickin' her deep.

The cat's in the well and grief is showing its face
The world's being slaughtered and it's such a bloody disgrace.

The cat's in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump.
The cat's in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump.
Back alley Sally is doing the American jump.

The cat's in the well, and pappa is reading the news.
His hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.

The cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull
The cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull
The night is so long and the table is oh, so full

The cat's in the well and the servant is at the door.
The drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.

The cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall
The cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall
Goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all./nNone/nSixteen banners united over the field
Where the good shepherd grieves.
Desperate men, desperate women divided,
Spreading their wings 'neath the falling leaves.

Fortune calls.
I stepped forth from the shadows, to the marketplace,
Merchants and thieves, hungry for power, my last deal gone down.
She's smelling sweet like the meadows where she was born,
On midsummer's eve, near the tower.

The cold-blooded moon.
The captain waits above the celebration
Sending his thoughts to a beloved maid
Whose ebony face is beyond communication.
The captain is down but still believing that his love will be repaid.

They shaved her head.
She was torn between Jupiter and Apollo.
A messenger arrived with a black nightingale.
I seen her on the stairs and I couldn't help but follow,
Follow her down past the fountain where they lifted her veil.

I stumbled to my feet.
I rode past destruction in the ditches
With the stitches still mending 'neath a heart-shaped tattoo.
Renegade priests and treacherous young witches
Were handing out the flowers that I'd given to you.

The palace of mirrors
Where dog soldiers are reflected,
The endless road and the wailing of chimes,
The empty rooms where her memory is protected,
Where the angels' voices whisper to the souls of previous times.

She wakes him up
Forty-eight hours later, the sun is breaking
Near broken chains, mountain laurel and rolling rocks.
She's begging to know what measures he now will be taking.
He's pulling her down and she's clutching on to his long golden locks.

Gentlemen, he said,
I don't need your organization, I've shined your shoes,
I've moved your mountains and marked your cards
But Eden is burning, either get ready for elimination
Or else your hearts must have the courage for the changing of the guards.

Peace will come
With tranquility and splendor on the wheels of fire
But will offer no reward when her false idols fall
And cruel death surrenders with its pale ghost retreating
Between the King and the Queen of Swords./nWe ducked inside a doorway as thunder went crashing
As majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds
Seeming to be the chimes of freedom flashing

Flashing for the warriors whose strength is not to fight
Flashing for the refugees on the unarmed road of flight
And for each and every underdog soldier in the night
And we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing

Through the city's melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched
With faces hidden as the walls were tightening
As the echo of the wedding bells before the blowin' rain
Dissolved into the bells of the lightning

Tolling for the rebel, tolling for the rake
Tolling for the luckless, they abandoned and forsaked
Tolling for the outcast, burning constantly at stake
And we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing

Through the mad, mystic hammering of the wild ripping hail
The sky cracked its poems in naked wonder
As the clanging of the church bells blew far into the breeze
Leaving only bells of lightning and its thunder

Striking for the gentle, striking for the kind
Striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind
And the poet and the painter far behind his rightful time
And we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashin'

In the wild cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales
For the disrobed faceless forms of no position
Tolling for the tongues with no place to bring their thoughts
All down in taken-for-granted situations

Tolling for the deaf and blind, tolling for the mute
For the mistreated, mate-less mother, the mis-titled prostitute
For the misdemeanor outlaw, chained and cheated by pursuit
And we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing

Even though a cloud's white curtain in a far-off corner flared
And the hypnotic splattered mist was slowly lifting
Electric light still struck like arrows fired but for the ones
Condemned to drift or else be kept from driftin'

Tolling for the searching ones on their speechless seeking trail
For the lonesome-hearted lovers with too personal a tale
And for each unharmful, gentle soul misplaced inside a jail
And we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing

Starry-eyed and laughing as I recall when we were caught
Trapped by no track of hours for they hang suspended
As we listened one last time and we watched with one last look
Spellbound and swallowed 'til the tolling ended

Tolling for the aching whose wounds cannot be nursed
For the countless confused, accused, misused, strung-out ones and worse
And for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe
And we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashin'/nNone/nAdjust to what, a dream that bust?

He was a clean-cut kid
But they made a killer out of him,
That's what they did

They said what's up is down, they said what isn't is
They put ideas in his head he thought were his

He was a clean-cut kid
But they made a killer out of him,
That's what they did

He was on the baseball team, he was in the marching band
When he was ten years old he had a watermelon stand

He was a clean-cut kid
But they made a killer out of him,
That's what they did

He went to church on Sunday, he was a Boy Scout
For his friends he would turn his pockets inside out

He was a clean-cut kid
But they made a killer out of him,
That's what they did

They said, "Listen boy, you're just a pup"
They sent him to a napalm health spa to shape up

They gave him dope to smoke, drinks and pills,
A jeep to drive, blood to spill

They said "Congratulations, you got what it takes"
They sent him back into the rat race without any brakes

He was a clean-cut kid
But they made a killer out of him,
That's what they did

He bought the American dream but it put him in debt
The only game he could play was Russian roulette

He drank Coca-Cola, he was eating Wonder Bread,
Ate Burger Kings, he was well fed

He went to Hollywood to see Peter O'Toole
He stole a Rolls Royce and drove it in a swimming pool

They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him,
That's what they did

He could've sold insurance, owned a restaurant or bar
Could've been an accountant or a tennis star

He was wearing boxing gloves, took a dive one day
Off the Golden Gate Bridge into China Bay

His mama walks the floor, his daddy weeps and moans
They gotta sleep together in a home they don't own

They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him,
That's what they did

Well, everybody's asking why he couldn't adjust
All he ever wanted was somebody to trust

They took his head and turned it inside out
He never did know what it was all about

He had a steady job, he joined the choir
He never did plan to walk the high wire

They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him,
That's what they did/nNobody said very much
Just some old wild shirts and a couple pairs of pants
Which nobody really wanted to touch
Mama come in and picked up a book
An' Papa asked her what it was
Someone else asked, "What do you care?"
Papa said, "Well, just because.."
Then they started to take back their clothes
Hang'em on the line
It was January the thirtieth
And everybody was feelin' fine.

The next day, everybody got up
Seein' if the clothes were dry
The dogs were barking, a neighbor passed
Mama, of course, she said, "Hi."
"Have you heard the news?" he said with a grin
"The Vice President's gone mad!"
"Where?" "Downtown." "When?" "Last night."
"Hmm, say, that's too bad."
"Well, there's nothing we can do about it," said the neighbor
"It's just something we're gonna have to forget."
"Yes, I guess so." said Ma
Then she asked me if the clothes were still wet.

I reached up, touched my shirt
And the neighbor said, "Are those clothes yours?"
I said, "Some of them, not all of them."
He said, "You always help out around here with the chores?"
I said, "Sometime, not all the time."
And my neighbor, he blew his nose
Just as papa yelled outside
"Mama wants you to come back in the house and bring them clothes."
Well, I just do what I'm told so I did it, of course
I went back in the house and Mama met me
And then I shut all the doors./nWell, I'm all used up and the fields have turned brown
I went to church on Sunday and she passed by
My love for her is taking such a long time to die

I'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist
It's almost like, almost like I don't exist
I'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound

The walls of pride are high and wide
Can't see over to the other side
It's such a sad thing to see beauty decay
It's sadder still to feel your heart torn away

One look at you and I'm out of control
Like the universe has swallowed me whole
I'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound

There's too many people, too many to recall
I thought some of 'em were friends of mine, I was wrong about 'em all
Well, the road is rocky and the hillside's mud
Up over my head nothing but clouds of blood

I found my world, found my world in you
But your love just hasn't proved true
I'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
Twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound

Oh, the winds in Chicago have torn me to shreds
Reality has always had too many heads
Some things last longer than you think they will
Some kind of things you can never kill

'Cause it's you and you only I been thinking about
But you can't see in and it's hard lookin' out
I'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound

Well, the fats in the fire and the water's in the tank
Well, the whiskey's in the jar and the money's in the bank
I tried to love and protect you because I cared
I'm gonna remember forever the joy that we shared

Looking at you and I'm on my bended knee
You have no idea what you do to me
I'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
Twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound/nNone/nNone/nNone/nWhen he's got the hogshead up on his toe
Oh me, oh my
Love that country pie

Listen to the fiddler play
When he's playin' 'til the break of day
Oh me, oh my
Love that country pie

Raspberry, strawberry, lemon and lime
What do I care?
Blueberry, apple, cherry, pumpkin, and plum
Call me for dinner, honey, I'll be there

Saddle me up a big white goose
Tie me on her and turn her loose
Oh me, oh my
Love that country pie

I don't need much, that ain't no lie
Ain't runnin' any race
Give to me my country pie
I won't throw it up in anybody's face

Shake me up that old peach tree
Little Jack Horner got nothin' on me
Oh me, oh my
Love that country pie/nWay up yonder, great will be her reward
Covenant woman, shining like a morning star
I know I can trust you to stay where you are

And I just got to tell you
I do intend
To stay closer than any friend
I just got to thank you
Once again
For making your prayers known
Unto heaven for me
And to you, always, so grateful
I will forever be

I've been broken, shattered like an empty cup
I'm just waiting on the Lord to rebuild and fill me up
And I know He will do it 'cause He's faithful and He's true
He must have loved me so much to send me someone as fine as you

And I just got to tell you
I do intend
To stay closer than any friend
I just got to thank you
Once again
For making your prayers known
Unto heaven for me
And to you, always, so grateful
I will forever be

Covenant woman, intimate little girl
Who knows those most secret things of me that are hidden from the world
You know we are strangers in a land we're passing through
I'll always be right by your side, I've got a covenant too

And I just got to tell you
I do intend
To stay closer than any friend
I just got to thank you
Once again
For making your prayers known
Unto heaven for me
And to you, always, so grateful
I will forever be/nSwamp's gonna rise, no boat's gonna row
Now, you can train on down to Williams Point
You can bust your feet, you can rock this joint
But oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
You're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow

Now, don't you try an' move me, you're just gonna lose
There's a crash on the levee and, mama, you've been refused
Well, it's sugar for sugar and salt for salt
If you go down in the flood, it's gonna be your fault
Oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
You're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow

Well, that high tide's risin', mama, don't you let me down
Pack up your suitcase, mama, don't you make a sound
Now, it's king for king, queen for queen
It's gonna be the meanest flood that anybody's seen
Oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
Yes, you're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow/nHeaven blazin' in my head, I dreamt a monstrous dream
Somethin' came up out of the sea
Swept through the land of the rich and the free

I look into the eyes of my merciful friend
And then I ask myself, is this the end?
Memories linger, sad yet sweet
And I think of the souls in heaven who will meet

Altars are burnin' with flames far and wide
The foe has crossed over from the other side
They tip their caps from the top of the hill
You can feel them come, more brave blood to spill

Along the dim Atlantic line
The ravaged land lies for miles behind
The light's comin' forward and the streets are broad
All must yield to the avengin' God

The world is old, the world is gray
Lessons of life can't be learned in a day
I watch and I wait and I listen while I stand
To the music that comes from a far better land

Close the eyes of our captain, peace may he know
His long night is done, the great leader is laid low
He was ready to fall, he was quick to defend
Killed outright he was, by his own men

It's the last day's last hour of the last happy year
I feel that the unknown world is so near
Pride will vanish and glory will rot
But virtue lives and cannot be forgot

The bells of the evening have rung
There's blasphemy on every tongue
Let 'em say that I walked in fair nature's light
And that I was loyal to truth and to right

Serve God and be cheerful, look upward, beyond
Beyond the darkness of masks, the surprises of dawn
In the deep green grasses of the blood stained wood
They never dreamed of surrenderin', they fell where they stood

Stars fell over Alabama, I saw each star
You're walkin' in dreams, whoever you are
Chilled are the skies, keen is the frost
The grounds froze hard and the morning is lost

A letter to mother came today
Gun shot wound to the breast is what it did say
But he'll be better soon, he's in a hospital bed
But he'll never be better, he's already dead

I'm ten miles outside the city and I'm lifted away
In an ancient light that is not of day
They were calm, they were blunt, we knew 'em all too well
We loved each other more than we ever dared to tell/nMr. Goldsmith
Nasty, dirty, double-crossin', back-stabbin' phony
I didn't want to have to deal with

But I did it for you
And all you gave me was a smile
Well, I cried for you
Now it's your turn to cry a while

I don't carry dead weight
I'm no flash in the pan
All right, I'll set you straight
Can't you see I'm a union man

I'm lettin' the cat out of the cage
I'm keepin' a low profile
Well, I cried for you
Now it's your turn, you can cry a while

Feel like a fightin' rooster
Feel better than I ever felt
But the Pennsylvania line's in an awful mess
And the Denver road is a-goin' to melt

I went to the church house
Every day I go an extra mile
Well, I cried for you
Now your turn, you can cry a while

Last night, 'cross the alley
There was a poundin' on the wall
It must have been Don Pasquale
Makin' a 2 a.m. booty call

To break a trusting heart like mine
Was just your style
Well, I cried for you
Now it's your turn to cry a while

I'm on the fringes of the night
Fighting back my tears that I can't control
Some people they ain't human
They got no heart or soul

But I'm a-cryin' to the Lord
Tryin' to be meek and mild
Yes, I've cried for you
Now it's your turn, you can cry a while

Well the preacher's in the pulpit
And the babies in their cribs
I'm longin' for that sweet fat
That sticks to your ribs

I'm goin' to buy me a barrel of whisky
I'll die before I turn senile
Yes, I've cried for you
Now it's your turn, you can cry a while

Well, you bet on the horses
And they ran the wrong way
I always said you'd be sorry
And today could be the day

I might need a good lawyer
Could be your funeral, my trial
Well, I cried for you
Now it's your turn, you can cry a while/nNone/nThey're drinking up and walking and it is time for me to slide
I live in another world where life and death are memorized
Where the earth is strung with lovers' pearls and all I see are dark eyes

A cock is crowing far away and another soldier's deep in prayer
Some mother's child has gone astray, she can't find him anywhere
But I can hear another drum beating for the dead that rise
Whom nature's beast fears as they come and all I see are dark eyes

They tell me to be discreet for all intended purposes
They tell me revenge is sweet and from where they stand, I'm sure it is
But I feel nothing for their game where beauty goes unrecognized
All I feel is heat and flame and all I see are dark eyes

Oh, the French girl, she's in paradise and a drunken man is at the wheel
Hunger pays a heavy price to the falling gods of speed and steel
Oh, time is short and the days are sweet and passion rules the arrow that flies
A million faces at my feet but all I see are dark eyes/nThe birdies were flying from tree to tree
There was little to say, there was no conversation
As I stepped to the stage to pick up my degree

And the locusts sang off in the distance
Yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody
Oh, the locusts sang off in the distance
Yeah, the locusts sang and they were singin' for me

I glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking
Darkness was everywhere, it smelled like a tomb
I was ready to leave, I was already walkin'
But the next time I looked there was light in the room

And the locusts sang, yeah, it give me a chill
Oh, the locusts sang such a sweet melody
Oh, the locusts sang that high whining trill
Yeah, the locusts sang and they were singin' for me

Outside of the gates the trucks were unloadin'
The weather was hot, a-nearly 90 degrees
The man standin' next to me, his head was exploding
Whoa, I was prayin' the pieces wouldn't fall on me

Yeah, and the locusts sang off in the distance
Yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody
Oh, the locusts sang off in the distance
Now, the locusts sang and they were singin' for me

I put down my robe, I picked up my diploma
Took hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive
Straight for the hills, the black hills of Dakota
Sure was glad to get out of there alive

And the locusts sang, whoa, it give me a chill
Yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody
And the locusts sang with that high whinin' trill
Yeah, the locusts sang and they was singin' for me

Singin' for me, whoa, singin' for me/nClinging to strange promises, dying on the line
Never bein' able to separate the good from the bad
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it
It's makin' me feel so sad

Dead man, dead man
When will you arise?
Cobwebs in your mind
Dust upon your eyes

Satan got you by the heel, there's a bird's nest in your hair
Do you have any faith at all? Do you have any love to share?
The way that you hold your head, cursin' God with every move
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it
What are you tryin' to prove?

Dead man, dead man
When will you arise?
Cobwebs in your mind
Dust upon your eyes

The glamour and the bright lights and the politics of sin
The ghetto that you build for me is the one your'e livin' in
The race of the engine that overrules your heart
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it
Pretending that you're so smart

Dead man, dead man
When will you arise?
Cobwebs in your mind
Dust upon your eyes

What are you tryin' to overpower me with, the doctrine or the gun?
My back's to the wall, where can I run?
The tuxedo that you're wearin', the flower in your lapel
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it
You wanna take me down to hell

Dead man, dead man
When will you arise?
Cobwebs in your mind
Dust upon your eyes/nPlease don't put a price on my soul
My burden is heavy
My dreams are beyond control

When that steamboat whistle blows
I'm gonna give you all I got to give
And I do hope you receive it well
Depending on the way you feel that you live

Dear landlord
Please heed these words that I speak
I know you've suffered much
But in this you are not so unique

All of us, at times, we might work too hard
To have it too fast and too much
And anyone can fill his life up with things
He can see but he just cannot touch

Dear landlord
Please don't dismiss my case
I'm not about to argue
I'm not about to move to no other place

Now, each of us has his own special gift
And you know this was meant to be true
And if you don't underestimate me
I won't underestimate you/nJust remember that death is not the end
And all that you've held sacred, falls down and does not mend
Just remember that death is no the end
Not the end, not the end
Just remember that death is not the end

When you're standing at the crossroads that you cannot comprehend
Just remember that death is not the end
And all your dreams have vanished and you don't know what's up the bend
Just remember that death is not the end
Not the end, not the end
Just remember that death is not the end

When the storm clouds gather 'round you, and heavy rains descend
Just remember that death is not the end
And there's no one there to comfort you, with a helpin' hand to lend
Just remember that death is not the end
Not the end, not the end
Just remember that death is not the end

Oh, the tree of life is growing
Where the spirit never dies
And the bright light of salvation shines
In dark and empty skies

When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men
Just remember that death is not the end
And you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen
Just remember that death is not the end
Not the end, not the end
Just remember that death is not the end/nWhen a young boy from Chicago town stepped through a
Southern door.
This boy's dreadful tragedy I can still remember well,
The color of his skin was black and his name was Emmett Till.

Some men they dragged him to a barn and there they beat him up.
They said they had a reason, but I disremember what.
They tortured him and did some evil things too evil to
repeat.
There was screaming sounds inside the barn, there was
laughing sounds out on the street.

Then they rolled his body down a gulf amidst a blood-red rain
And they threw him in the waters wide to cease his
screaming pain.
The reason that they killed him there, and I'm sure it 
ain't no lie,
He was a black-skinned boy, so
he was born to die.

And then to stop the United States of yelling for a trial,
Two brothers they confessed that they had killed poor
Emmett Till.
But on the jury there were men who helped the brothers
commit this awful crime,
And so this trial was a mockery, but nobody seemed to mind.

I saw the morning papers but I could not bear to see
The smiling brothers walkin' down the courthouse stairs.
For the jury found them innocent and the brothers they went free,
While Emmett's body floats the foam of a Jim Crow southern sea.

If you can't speak out against this kind of thing, a crime
that's so unjust,
Your eyes are filled with dead men's dirt, your mind is
filled with dust.
Your arms and legs they must be in shackles and chains, and
your blood it must refuse to flow,
For you let this human race fall down so God-awful low!

This song is just a reminder to remind your fellow man
That this kind of thing still lives today in that
ghost-robed Ku Klux Klan.
But if all us folks that thinks alike, if we gave all we
could give,
We could make this great land of ours a greater place to live./nNone/nNone/nGal, what's on your mind
Denise, Denise
Gal, what's on your mind
You got your eyes closed
Heaven knows that you ain't blind.

Well, i can see you smilin'
But oh your mouth is inside out
Well, i can see you smilin'
But oh your mouth is inside out
Well, i know that you're laughin'
But what are you laughin' about.

Well, if you're tryin' to throw me
Babe, i've already been tossed
If you're tryin' to throw me
Babe, i've already been tossed
Babe, you're tryin' to lose me
Babe, i'm already lost.

Well, what are you doin'
Are you flyin' or have you flipped?
Oh, what are you doin'
Are you flyin' or have you flipped?
Well, you call my name
An' then say your tongue just slipped.

Denise, Denise
You're concealed here on the shelf
Denise, Denise
You're concealed here on the shelf
I'm lookin' deep in you eyes, babe
An' all i can see is myself./nThey're painting the passports brown
The beauty parlor is filled with sailors
The circus is in town

Here comes the blind commissioner
They've got him in a trance
One hand is tied to the tightrope walker
The other is in his pants

And the riot squad, they're restless
They need somewhere to go
As Lady and I look out tonight
From Desolation Row

Cinderella, she seems so easy
"It takes one to know one," she smiles
And puts her hands in her back pocket
Bette Davis style

And in comes Romeo, he's moaning
"You belong to me, I believe"
And someone says, "You're in the wrong place, my friend
You'd better leave"

And the only sound that's left
After the ambulances go
Is Cinderella sweeping up
On Desolation Row

Now the moon is almost hidden
The stars are beginning to hide
The fortune telling lady
Has even taken all her things inside

All except for Cain and Abel
And the hunchback of Notre Dame
Everybody's making love
Or else expecting rain

And the good Samaritan, he's dressing
He's getting ready for the show
He's going to the carnival
Tonight on Desolation Row

Ophelia, she's 'neath the window
For her I feel so afraid
On her 22nd birthday
She already is an old maid

To her death is quite romantic
She wears an ironed vest
Her profession's her religion
Her sin is her lifelessness

And though her eyes are fixed upon
Noah's great rainbow
She spends her time peeking into
Desolation Row

Einstein disguised as Robin Hood
With his memories in a trunk
Passed this way an hour ago
With his friend, a jealous monk

Now he looked so immaculately frightful
As he bummed a cigarette
Then he went off sniffing drainpipes
And reciting the alphabet

You would not think to look at him
But he was famous long ago
For playing the electric violin
On Desolation Row

Dr. Filth, he keeps his world
Inside of a leather cup
But all his sexless patients
They are trying to blow it up

Now his nurse, some local loser
She's in charge of the cyanide hole
And she also keeps the cards that read
"Have mercy on his soul"

They all play on the penny whistle
You can hear them blow
If you lean your head out far enough
From Desolation Row

Across the street they've nailed the curtains
They're getting ready for the feast
The phantom of the opera
In a perfect image of a priest

They are spoon-feeding Casanova
To get him to feel more assured
Then they'll kill him with self-confidence
After poisoning him with words

And the phantom shouting to skinny girls
"Get out of here if you don't know"
Casanova is just being punished
For going to Desolation Row

At midnight all the agents
And the superhuman crew
Come out and round up everyone
That knows more than they do

And they bring them to the factory
Where their heart attack machine
Is strapped across their shoulders
And then the kerosene

Is brought down from the castles
By insurance men who go
Check to see that nobody is escaping
To Desolation Row

Praise be to Nero's Neptune
The Titanic sails at dawn
Everybody's shouting
"Which side are you on?"

And Ezra Pound and T.S. Elliot
Fighting in the captain's tower
While calypso singers laugh at them
And fishermen hold flowers

Between the windows of the sea
Where lovely mermaids flow
And nobody has to think too much
About Desolation Row

Yes, I received your letter yesterday
About the time the doorknob broke
When you asked me how I was doing
Was that some kind of joke?

All these people that you mentioned
Yes, I know them, they are quite lame
I had to rearrange their faces
And give them all another name

Right now I can't read too good
Don't send me no more letters, no
Not unless you mail them from
Desolation Row/nNone/nThin man lookin' at his last meal
Hollow man lookin' in a cottonfield
For dignity

Wise man lookin' in a blade of grass
Young man lookin' in the shadows that pass
Poor man lookin' through painted glass
For dignity

Somebody got murdered on New Year's Eve
Somebody said dignity was the first to leave
I went into the city, went into the town
Went into the land of the midnight sun

Searchin' high, searchin' low
Searchin' everywhere I know
Askin' the cops wherever I go
Have you seen dignity?

Blind man breakin' out of a trance
Puts both his hands in the pockets of chance
Hopin' to find one circumstance
Of dignity

I went to the wedding of Mary-Lou
She said "Don't want nobody see me talkin' to you"
Said she could get killed if she told me what she knew
About dignity

I went down where the vultures feed
I would've got deeper, but there wasn't any need
Heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men
Wasn't any difference to me

Chilly wind sharp as a razor blade
House on fire, debts unpaid
Gonna stand at the window, gonna ask the maid
Have you seen dignity?

Drinkin' man listens to the voice he hears
In a crowded room full of covered up mirrors
Lookin' into the lost forgotten years
For dignity

Met Prince Phillip at the home of the blues
Said he'd give me information if his name wasn't used
He wanted money up front, said he was abused
By dignity

Footprints runnin' cross the sliver sand
Steps goin' down into tattoo land
I met the sons of darkness and the sons of light
In the border towns of despair

Got no place to fade, got no coat
I'm on the rollin' river in a jerkin' boat
Tryin' to read a note somebody wrote
About dignity

Sick man lookin' for the doctor's cure
Lookin' at his hands for the lines that were
And into every masterpiece of literature
For dignity

Englishman stranded in the blackheart wind
Combin' his hair back, his future looks thin
Bites the bullet and he looks within
For dignity

Someone showed me a picture and I just laughed
Dignity never been photographed
I went into the red, went into the black
Into the valley of dry bone dreams

So many roads, so much at stake
So many dead ends, I'm at the edge of the lake
Sometimes I wonder what it's gonna take
To find dignity/nAnd the weakness that it showed
You were just a painted face
On a trip down Suicide Road

The stage was set, the lights went out
All around the old hotel
I hate myself for lovin' you
And I'm glad the curtain fell

I hate that foolish game we played
And the need that was expressed
And the mercy that you showed to me
Whoever would have guessed?

I went out on lower Broadway
And I felt that place within
That hollow place where martyrs weep
And angels play with sin

Heard your songs of freedom
And man forever stripped
Acting out his folly
While his back is being whipped

Like a slave in orbit
He's beaten till he's tame
All for a moment's glory
And it's a dirty, rotten shame

There are those who worship loneliness
I'm not one of them
In this age of fiberglass
I'm searching for a gem

The crystal ball up on the wall
Hasn't shown me nothing yet
I've paid the price of solitude
But at last I'm out of debt

I can't recall a useful thing
You ever did for me
'Cept pat me on the back one time
When I was on my knees

We stared into each other's eyes
Till one of us would break
No use to apologize
What difference would it make?

So sing your praise of progress
And of the doom machine
The naked truth is still taboo
Whenever it can be seen

Lady Luck, who shines on me
Will tell you where I'm at
I hate myself for lovin' you
But I should get over that/nGon' walk down that dirt road till someone lets me ride
If I can't find my baby, I'm gonna run away and hide

Well, I been pacing around the room hoping maybe she'd come back 
Pacing 'round the room hoping maybe she'd come back
Well, I been praying for salvation, laying 'round in a one room country shack

Gon' walk down that dirt road until my eyes begin to bleed
Gon' walk down that dirt road until my eyes begin to bleed
Till there's nothing left to see, till the chains have been shattered and I've been freed

But I been lookin' at my shadow, I been watching the colors up above
Lookin' at my shadow, watching the colors up above
Rolling through the rain and hail, looking for the sunny side of love

Gon' walk on down that dirt road till everything becomes the same
Gon' walk on down that dirt road till everything becomes the same
Gotta keep on walkin' till I hear her holler out my name/nNone/nFrom the disease of conceit
Whole lot of people struggling tonight
From the disease of conceit

Come right down the highway
Straight down the line
Rips into your senses
Through your body and your mind

Nothing about it that's sweet
The disease of conceit

There's a whole lot of hearts breaking tonight
From the disease of conceit
Whole lot of hearts shaking tonight
From the disease of conceit

Steps into your room
Eats at your soul
Over your senses
You have no control

Ain't nothing too discreet
About of disease of conceit

There's a whole lot of people dying tonight
From the disease of conceit
Whole lot of people crying tonight
From the disease of conceit

Comes right out of nowhere
And you're down for the count
From the outside world
The pressure will mount

Turn you into a piece of meat
The disease of conceit

Conceit is a disease
That the doctors got no cure
They've done a lot of research on it
But what it is, they're still not sure

There's a whole lot of people in trouble tonight
From the disease of conceit
Whole lot of people seeing double tonight
From the disease of conceit

Give ya delusions of grandeur
And an evil eye
Give you idea that
You're too good to die

And they bury you from your head to your feet
From the disease of conceit/nJust a minute before you touch the door.
What is it that you're trying to achieve, girl?
Do you think we can talk about it some more?
You know, the streets are filled with vipers
Who've lost all ray of hope,
You know, it ain't even safe no more
In the palace of the Pope.

Don't fall apart on me tonight,
I just don't think that I could handle it.
Don't fall apart on me tonight,
Yesterday's just a memory,
Tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
And I need you, yeah.

Come over here from over there, girl,
Sit down here. You can have my chair.
I can't see us goin' anywhere, girl.
The only place open is a thousand miles away and I can't take you there.
I wish I'd have been a doctor,
Maybe I'd have saved some life that had been lost,
Maybe I'd have done some good in the world
'Stead of burning every bridge I crossed.

Don't fall apart on me tonight,
I just don't think that I could handle it.
Don't fall apart on me tonight,
Yesterday's just a memory,
Tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
And I need you, oh, yeah.

I ain't too good at conversation, girl,
So you might not know exactly how I feel,
But if I could, I'd bring you to the mountaintop, girl,
And build you a house made out of stainless steel.
But it's like I'm stuck inside a painting
That's hanging in the Louvre,
My throat start to tickle and my nose itches
But I know that I can't move.

Don't fall apart on me tonight,
I just don't think that I could handle it.
Don't fall apart on me tonight,
Yesterday's gone but the past lives on,
Tomorrow's just one step beyond
And I need you, oh, yeah.

Who are these people who are walking towards you?
Do you know them or will there be a fight?
With their humorless smiles so easy to see through,
Can they tell you what's wrong from what's right?

Do you remember St. James Street
Where you blew Jackie P.'s mind?
You were so fine, Clark Gable would have fell at your feet
And laid his life on the line.

Let's try to get beneath the surface waste, girl,
No more booby traps and bombs,
No more decadence and charm,
No more affection that's misplaced, girl,
No more mudcake creatures lying in your arms.
What about that millionaire with the drumsticks in his pants?
He looked so baffled and so bewildered
When he played and we didn't dance.

Don't fall apart on me tonight,
I just don't think that I could handle it.
Don't fall apart on me tonight,
Yesterday's just a memory,
Tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
And I need you, yeah./nNone/nIf'n you don't know by now
And it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe
It'll never do somehow

When your rooster crows at the break of dawn
Look out your window and I'll be gone
You're the reason I'm a-travellin' on
But don't think twice, it's all right

And it ain't no use in a-turnin' on your light, babe
The light I never knowed
And it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe
I'm on the dark side of the road

But I wish there was something you would do or say
To try and make me change my mind and stay
But we never did too much talkin' anyway
But don't think twice, it's all right

So it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal
Like you never done before
And it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal
I can't hear you anymore

I'm a-thinkin' and a-wonderin', walkin' down the road
I once loved a woman, a child I am told
I give her my heart, but she wanted my soul
But don't think twice, it's all right

So long, honey babe
Where I'm bound, I can't tell
And goodbye's too good a word, babe
So I'll just say fare thee well

I ain't a-sayin' you treated me unkind
You coulda done better, but I don't mind
You just kind of wasted my precious time
But don't think twice, it's all right/nApple's got your fly.

I went down to the river on a Saturday morn,
A-lookin' around just to see who's born.
I found a little chicken down on his knees,
I went up and yelled to him,
"Please, please, please!"
He said, "Don't ya tell Henry,
Don't ya tell Henry,
Don't ya tell Henry,
Apple's got your fly."

I went down to the corner at a-half past ten,
I's lookin' around, I wouldn't say when.
I looked down low, I looked above,
And who did I see but the one I love.
She said, "Don't ya tell Henry,
Don't ya tell Henry,
Don't ya tell Henry,
Apple's got your fly."

Now, I went down to the beanery at half past twelve,
A-lookin' around just to see myself.
I spotted a horse and a donkey, too,
I looked for a cow and I saw me a few.
They said, "Don't ya tell Henry,
Don't ya tell Henry,
Don't ya tell Henry,
Apple's got your fly."

Now, I went down to the pumphouse the other night,
A-lookin' around, it was outa sight.
I looked high and low for that big ol' tree,
I did go upstairs but I didn't see nobody but me.
I said, "Don't ya tell Henry,
Don't ya tell Henry,
Don't ya tell Henry,
Apple's got your fly."/nNone/nDon't wanna touch nobody, don't wanna be touched.
Don't wanna hurt nobody, don't wanna be hurt,
Don't wanna treat nobody like they was dirt.

But if you do right to me, baby,
I'll do right to you, too.
Ya got to do unto others
Like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.

Don't wanna shoot nobody, don't wanna be shot,
Don't wanna buy nobody, don't wanna be bought.
Don't wanna bury nobody, don't wanna be buried,
Don't wanna marry nobody if they're already married.

But if you do right to me, baby,
I'll do right to you, too.
Ya got to do unto others
Like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.

Don't wanna burn nobody, don't wanna be burned,
Don't wanna learn from nobody what I gotta unlearn.
Don't wanna cheat nobody, don't wanna be cheated,
Don't wanna defeat nobody if they already been defeated.

But if you do right to me, baby,
I'll do right to you, too.
Ya got to do unto others
Like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.

Don't wanna wink at nobody, don't wanna be winked at,
Don't wanna be used by nobody for a doormat.
Don't wanna confuse nobody, don't wanna be confused,
Don't wanna amuse nobody, don't wanna be amused.

But if you do right to me, baby,
I'll do right to you, too.
Ya got to do unto others
Like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.

Don't wanna betray nobody, don't wanna be betrayed,
Don't wanna play with nobody, don't wanna be waylaid.
Don't wanna miss nobody, don't wanna be missed,
Don't put my faith in nobody, not even a scientist.

But if you do right to me, baby,
I'll do right to you, too.
Ya got to do unto others 
Like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you./nDown along the cove, I spied my true love comin' my way
I said, "Lord have mercy, mama
It sure is good to see you comin' today"

Down along the cove, I spied my little bundle of joy
Down along the cove, I spied my little bundle of joy
She said, "Lord have mercy, honey
I'm so glad you're my boy"

Down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand
Down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand
Everybody watchin' us go by
Knows we're in love, yes, they understand/nWith my suitcase in my hand
Yes, I'm walkin' down the highway
With my suitcase in my hand

Lord, I really miss my baby
She's in some foreign land

Well, your streets are gettin' empty
Lord, your highway's gettin' filled
And your streets are gettin' empty
And your highway's gettin' filled

Well, the way I love that woman
I swear it's bound to get me killed

Well, I been gamblin' so long
Lord, I ain't got much more to lose
Yes, I been gamblin' so long, Lord
I ain't got much more to lose

Right now I'm havin' trouble
Please don't take away my highway shoes

Well, I'm bound to get lucky, baby
Or I'm bound to die tryin'
Yes, I'm a-bound to get lucky, baby
Lord, Lord, I'm a-bound to die tryin'

Well, meet me in the middle of the ocean
And we'll leave this old highway behind

Well, the ocean took my baby
My baby stole my heart from me
Yes, the ocean took my baby
My baby took my heart from me

She packed it all up in a suitcase
Lord, she took it away to Italy, Italy

So I'm a-walkin' down your highway
Just as far as my poor eyes can see
Yes, I'm a-walkin' down your highway
Just as far as my eyes can see

From the Golden Gate Bridge
All the way to the Statue of Liberty/nLike bein' in the bottom of a stream
Any minute now
I'm expecting to wake up from a dream

Means so much the softest touch
By the grave of some child
Who neither wept nor smiled
I've pondered my faith in the rain

I been dreamin' of you that's all I do
And it's drivin' me insane

Somewhere dawn is breakin'
Light is streakin' 'cross the floor
Church bells are ringin'
I wonder who they're ringin' for

Travel under any star
You'll see me wherever you are
The shadowy past is so vague and so vast
I'm sleepin' in the balance of pain

I been dreamin' of you that's all I do
But it's drivin' me insane

Maybe they'll get me, maybe they won't
But whatever it won't be tonight
I wish your hand was in mine right now
We could go where the moon is white

For years they had me locked in a cage
Then they threw me onto the stage
Some things just last longer than you thought they would
And they're never ever explained

I'm dreamin' of you that's all I do
And it's driving me insane

Well I eat when I'm hungry, drink when I'm dry
Live my life on the square
Even if the flesh falls off my face
It won't matter, long as you're there

Feel like a ghost in love
Underneath the heavens above
Feel further away than I ever did before
Feel further than I can take

Dreamin' of you, that's all I do
But it's driving me insane

Everything in the way is so shiny today
A queer and unusual form
Spirals of golden haze here and there in a blaze
Like beams of light in a storm

Maybe you're here or maybe you weren't
Maybe you touched somebody and got burned
The silent sun has got me on the run
Burnin' a hole in my brain

I'm dreamin' of you that's all I do
But it's driving me insane/nAs they carried him from the courtroom and were taking him away
"My trip hasn't been a pleasant one, and my time, it isn't long
And I still do not know what it was that I've done wrong"

Well, the judge, he cast his robe aside, a tear came to his eye
"You'd fail to understand," he said, "Why must you even try?"
Outside the crowd was stirring, you could hear it from the door
Inside the judge was stepping down while the jury cried for more

"Oh, stop that cursed jury," cried the attendant and the nurse
"The trial was bad enough, but this is ten times worse"
Just then a bolt of lightning struck the courthouse out of shape
And while everybody knelt to pray, the drifter did escape/nOr who you thought you were talkin' to.
I figure maybe we're even
Or maybe I'm one up on you.

I send you all my money
Just like I did before.
I tried to reach you honey,
But you're driftin' too far from shore.

Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore

I ain't gonna get lost in this current,
I don't like playing cat and mouse.
No gentleman likes making love to a servant.
Especially when he's in his father's house.

I never could guess your weight, baby,
Never needed to call you my whore.
I always thought you were straight, baby,
But you're driftin' too far from shore.

Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore

Well these times and these tunnels are haunted,
The bottom of the barrel is too.
I waited years sometimes for what I wanted.
Everybody can't be as lucky as you.

Never no more do I wonder,
Why you don't never play with me any more.
At any moment you could go under,
'Cause you're driftin' too far from shore.

Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore
Driftin' too far from shore

You and me we had completeness,
I give you all of what I could provide
We weren't on the wrong side, sweetness,
We were the wrong side.

I've already ripped out the phones, honey.
You can't walk the streets in a war.
I can finish this alone, honey,
You're driftin' too far from shore./nBlowing like it's gonna sweep my world away
I wanna stop at Carbondale and keep on going
That Duquesne train gon' rock me night and day

You say I'm a gambler, you say I'm a pimp
But I ain't neither one
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Sound like it's on a final run

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like she never blowed before
Blue light blinking, red light glowing
Blowing like she's at my chamber door

You smiling through the fence at me
Just like you've always smiled before
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like she ain't gon' blow no more

Can't you hear that Duquesne whistle blowing?
Blowing like the sky's gonna blow apart
You're the only thing alive that keeps me going
You're like a time bomb in my heart

I can hear a sweet voice steadily calling
Must be the mother of our Lord
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like my woman's on board

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like it's gon' blow my blues away
You old rascal, I know exactly where you're going
I'll lead you there myself at the break of day

I wake up every morning with that woman in my bed
Everybody telling me she's gone to my head
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like it's gon' kill me dead

Can't you hear that Duquesne whistle blowing?
Blowing through another no good town
The lights on my lady's land are glowing
I wonder if they'll know me next time 'round

I wonder if that old oak tree's still standing
That old oak tree, the one we used to climb
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like she's blowing right on time/nThe trucks and the trailers will be winding
Like a bullet we'll shoot for the carnival route.
We're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

From the Michigan mud past the Wisconsin sun
'Cross that Minnesota border, keep 'em strambling
Through the clear county lakes and lumberjack lands,
We're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

Hit Fargo on the jump and down to Aberdeen
'Cross them old Black Hills, keep 'em rolling
Through the cow country towns and the sands of old Montana.
We're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

As the white line on the highway sails under your wheels,
I've gazed from the trailer window laughing.
Oh, our clothes they was torn but the colors they was bright.
Following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

It's a-many a friend that follows the bend,
The jugglers, the hustlers, the gamblers.
Well, I've spent my time with the fortune-telling kind
Following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

Oh, it's pound down the rails and it's tie down the tents,
Get that canvas flag a-flying.
Well, let the caterpillars spin, let the ferris wheel wind
Following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

Well, it's roll into town straight to the fairgrounds
Just behind the posters that are hanging
And it's fill up every space with a different kind of face
Following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

Get the dancing girls in front, get the gambling show behind
Hear that old music box a-banging.
Hear them kids, faces, smiles, up and down the midway aisles
Following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

It's a-drag it down by the deadline in the town,
Hit the old highway by the morning
And it's ride yourself blind for the next town on time
Following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

As the harmonicas whined in the lonesome nighttime
Drinking red wine as we're rolling,
Many a turnin' I turn, many a lesson I learn
From following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.

And it's roll back down from St Petersburg
Tie down the trailers and camp 'em
And the money that we made will pay for the space
From following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling./nBowties and buttons, high-top boots
Driving the spikes in, blazing the rails
Nailed in their coffins in top-hats and tails
Fly away little bird, fly away, flap your wings
Fly by night like the early Roman Kings

All the early Roman Kings in the early, early morn'
Coming down the mountain, distributing the corn
Speeding through the forest, racing down the track
You try to get away, they drag you back
Tomorrow is Friday, we'll see what it brings
Everybody's talking 'bout the early Roman Kings

They're peddlers and they're meddlers, they buy and they sell
They destroyed your city, they'll destroy you as well
They're lecherous and treacherous, hell-bent for leather
Each of them bigger than all manhood together
Sluggers and muggers wearing fancy gold rings
All the women going crazy for the early Roman Kings

I can dress up your wounds with a blood-clotted rag
I ain't afraid to make love to a bitch or a hag
If you see me coming and you're standing there
Wave your handkerchief in the air
I ain't dead yet, my bell still rings
I keep my fingers crossed like the early Roman Kings

I'll strip you of life, strip you of breath
Ship you down to the house of death
One day you will ask for me
There'll be no one else that you'll want to see
Bring down my fiddle, tune up my strings
I'm gonna break it wide open like the early Roman Kings

I was up on Black Mountain the day Detroit fell
They killed them all off and they sent them to hell
Ding Dong Daddy, you're coming up short
Gonna put you on trial in a Sicilian court
I've had my fun, I've had my flings
Gonna shake 'em all down like the early Roman Kings/nCome baby remind me
Of where I once begun
Come baby show me
Show me you know me
Tell me you're the one
I could be learning
You could be yearning
To see behind closed doors
But I will always be
Emotionally yours
Come baby rock me
Come baby lock me
Into the shadows of your heart
Come baby teach me
Come baby reach me
Let the music start
I could be dreaming
But I keep believing
You're the one I'm living for
And I will always be
Emotionally yours
Its like my whole life never happened
When I see you its as if I never had a thought
I know this dream it might be crazy
But it's the only one I've got
Come baby shake me
Come baby take me
I would be satisfied
Come baby hold me
Come baby help me
My arms are open wide
I could be unravelling
Wherever I'm travelling
Even to foreign shores
But I will always be 
Emotionally yours/nNone/nAs she stood in the shadows
She stepped to the light
As my silver strings spun
She called with her eyes
To the tune I's a-playin'
But the song it was long
And I'd only begun

Through a bullet of light
Her face was reflectin'
The fast fading words
That rolled from my tongue
With a long-distance look
Her eyes was on fire
But the song it was long
And there was more to be sung.

My eyes danced a circle
Across her clear outline
With her head tilted sideways
She called me again
As the tune drifted out
She breathed hard through the echo
But the song it was long
And it was far to the end

I glanced at my guitar
And played it pretendin'
That of all the eyes out there
I could see none
As her thoughts pounded hard
Like the pierce of an arrow
But the song it was long
And it had to get done

As the tune finally folded
I laid down the guitar
Then looked for the girl
Who'd stayed for so long
But her shadow was missin'
For all of my searchin'
So I picked up my guitar
And began the next song/nWhen the pool of tears beneath my feet flood every newborn seed
There's a dyin' voice within me reaching out somewhere
Toiling in the danger and in the morals of despair

Don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake
Like Cain, I now behold this chain of events that I must break
In the fury of the moment I can see the Master's hand
In every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand

Oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear
Like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer
The sun beat down upon the steps of time to light the way
To ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay

I gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame
And every time I pass that way I always hear my name
Then onward in my journey I come to understand
That every hair is numbered like every grain of sand

I have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night
In the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light
In the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space
In the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face

I hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea
Sometimes I turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me
I am hanging in the balance of the reality of man
Like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sand/nBroken threads, broken springs
Broken idols, broken heads
People sleeping in broken beds
Ain't no use jiving, ain't no use joking
Everything is broken

Broken bottles, broken plates
Broken switches, broken gates
Broken dishes, broken parts
Streets are filled with broken hearts
Broken words never meant to be spoken
Everything is broken

Seem like every time you stop and turn around
Something else just hit the ground

Broken cutters, broken saws
Broken buckles, broken laws
Broken bodies, broken bones
Broken voices on broken phones
Take a deep breath, feel like you're choking
Everything is broken

Every time you leave and go off someplace
Things fall to pieces in my face

Broken hands on broken ploughs
Broken treaties, broken vows
Broken pipes, broken tools
People bending broken rules
Hound dog howling, bull frog croaking
Everything is broken/nI'm leavin' in the first hour of the morn.
I'm bound off for the bay of Mexico
Or maybe the coast of Californ.
So it's fare thee well my own true love,
We'll meet another day, another time.
It ain't the leavin'
That's a-grievin' me
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.

Oh the weather is against me and the wind blows hard
And the rain she's a-turnin' into hail.
I still might strike it lucky on a highway goin' west,
Though I'm travelin' on a path beaten trail.
So it's fare thee well my own true love,
We'll meet another day, another time.
It ain't the leavin'
That's a-grievin' me
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.

I will write you a letter from time to time,
As I'm ramblin' you can travel with me too.
With my head, my heart and my hands, my love,
I will send what I learn back home to you.
So it's fare thee well my own true love,
We'll meet another day, another time.
It ain't the leavin'
That's a-grievin' me
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.

I will tell you of the laughter and of troubles,
Be them somebody else's or my own.
With my hands in my pockets and my coat collar high,
I will travel unnoticed and unknown.
So it's fare thee well my own true love,
We'll meet another day, another time.
It ain't the leavin'
That's a-grievin' me
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.

I've heard tell of a town where I might as well be bound,
It's down around the old Mexican plains.
They say that the people are all friendly there
And all they ask of you is your name.
So it's fare thee well my own true love,
We'll meet another day, another time.
It ain't the leavin'
That's a-grievin' me
But my true love who's bound to stay behind./nthe bells on the crown
Are being stolen by bandits
I must follow the sound
The triangle tingles
And the music plays slow
But farewell Angelina
The night is on fire
And I must go

There is use in talking
And there's no need for blame
There is nothing to prove
Everything still is the same
A table stands empty
By the edge of the stream
But farewell Angelina
The sky is changing colors
And I must leave

The jacks and the queens
They foresake the courtyard
Fifty-two gypsies
Now file past the guard
In the space where the deuce
And the ace once ran wild
Farewell Angelina
The sky is folding
I'll see you after a while

See the crosseyed pirates
Sit perched in the sun
Shooting tin cans
With a sawed off shot gun
And the corporals and the neighbors
Clap and cheer with each blast
But farewell Angelina
The sky is trembling
And I must leave fast

King Kong, little elves
And the roof-tops they dance
Valentino-type tangos
While the heroes clean hands
Shut the eyes of the dead
Not to embarass anyone
Farewell Angelina
The sky is flooding over and I must be gone

The camoflaged parrot
He flutters from fear
When something he doesn't know about
Suddenly appears
What cannot be imitated
Perfect must die
Farewell Angelina
The sky is flooding over
And I must go where it is dry

Machine guns are roaring
The puppets heave rocks
At misunderstood visions
And at the faces of clocks
Call me any name you like
I will never deny it
But farewell Angelina
The sky is errupting 
And I must go where it is quiet/nFather, who taketh the darkness away
Father, who teacheth the bird to fly
Builder of rainbows up in the sky
Father of loneliness and pain
Father of love and Father of rain

Father of day, Father of night
Father of black, Father of white
Father, who build the mountain so high
Who shapeth the cloud up in the sky
Father of time, and Father of dreams
Father, who turneth the rivers and streams

Father of grain, Father of wheat
Father of cold and Father of heat
Father of air and Father of trees
Who dwells in our hearts and our memories
Father of minutes, Father of days
Father of whom we most solemnly praise/nNone/n/nFrom the dazzling sunlit place
Through the back alleys, through the blinds
Another one of the Memphis days

Honey bees are buzzing
Leaves begin to stir
I'm in love with my second cousin
I tell myself I could be happy forever with her

I keep listening for footsteps
But I ain't never hearing any
From the boat, I fish for bullheads
I catch a lot, sometimes too many

A summer breeze is blowin'
A squall is setting in
Sometimes it's just plain stupid
To get into any kind of wind

Well the old men 'round here sometimes
They get on bad terms with the younger men
Old, young, age don't carry weight
It doesn't matter in the end

One of the boss' hangers-on
Sometimes comes to call
At times you least expect
Tryin' to bully you, strongarm you, inspire you with fear
It has the opposite effect

There's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town
The other one is long gone
10 foot, 2 foot, 6 across
Burns with the bark still on

They say times are hard
If you don't believe it you can follow your nose
It don't bother me, times are hard everywhere
We'll just have to see how it goes

My old man, he's like some feudal lord
He's got more lives than a cat
I've never seen him quarrel with my mother even once
Things come alive or they fall flat

You can smell the pine wood burnin'
You can hear the school bell ring
Got to get up near the teacher, if you can
If you wanna learn anything

Romeo, he said to Juliet, 
Juliet said back to Romeo


They all got outta here any way they could
Cold rain can give you the shivers
They went down the Ohio, the Cumberland, the Tennessee
All the rest of them rebel rivers

If you ever try to interfere with me or cross my path again
You do so at the peril of your life
I'm not quite as cool, or forgiving as I sound
I've seen enough heartache and strife

My grandfather was a duck trapper
He could do it with just dragnets and ropes
My grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth
I don't know if they had any dreams or hopes

I had 'em once, though I suppose
To go along with all the ring dancing
Christmas carols on all the Christmas eves
I left all my dreams and hopes
Buried under tobacco leaves

Not always easy kicking someone out
Got to wait awhile, it can be an unpleasant task
Sometimes somebody wants you to give something up
And tears or not, it's too much to ask/nSo can a woman who passes herself off as a male
They sang "Danny Boy" at his funeral and the Lord's Prayer
Preacher talking 'bout Christ betrayed
It's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up
He reached too high, was thrown back to the ground
You know what they say about bein' nice to the right people on the way up
Sooner or later you gonna meet them comin' down

Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
Ain't no goin' back

Hear ya got a brother named James, don't forget faces or names
Sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed
He looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine
But he drinks, and drinks can be fixed
Sing me one more song, about ya love me to the moon and the stranger
And your fall by the sword love affair with Erroll Flynn
in these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion
Say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.

Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
Ain't no goin' back

There's a retired businessman named Red, cast down from heaven and he's out of his head
He feeds off of everyone that he can touch
He said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash
He's not somebody that you play around with much
Miss Delilah is his, a Philistine is what she is
She'll do wondrous works with your fate
Feed you coconut bread, spice buns in your bed
If you don't mind sleepin' with your head face down in a grave.

Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
Ain't no goin' back

Well they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight
You'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors
How to enter into the gates of paradise
No, how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours
Yeah, from the stage they'll be tryin' to get water outta rocks
A whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks
They like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in
Sing "Amazing Grace" all the way to the Swiss banks

Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
Ain't no goin' back

They got some beautiful people out there, man
They can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue
They got mystery written all over their forehead
They kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young
They don't believe in mercy
Judgment on them is something that you'll never see
They can exalt you up or bring you down main route
Turn you into anything that they want you to be

Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
Ain't no goin' back

Yes, I guess I loved him too
I can still see him in my mind climbin' that hill
Did he make it to the top, well he probably did and dropped
Struck down by the strength of the will
Ain't nothin' left here partner, just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid
From now on, this'll be where you're from
Let the dead bury the dead. Your time will come
Let hot iron blow as he raised the shade

Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
Ain't no goin' back/nMay your wishes all come true
May you always do for others
And let others do for you
May you build a ladder to the stars
And climb on every rung
May you stay forever young
Forever young, forever young
May you stay forever young

May you grow up to be righteous
May you grow up to be true
May you always know the truth
And see the lights surrounding you
May you always be courageous
Stand upright and be strong
May you stay forever young
Forever young, forever young
May you stay forever young

May your hands always be busy
May your feet always be swift
May you have a strong foundation
When the winds of changes shift
May your heart always be joyful
May your song always be sung
May you stay forever young
Forever young, forever young
May you stay forever young/nLost your power of recall
Every little detail
You don't remember at all
The times we knew
Who would remember better than you?

Forgetful heart
We laughed and had a good time, you and I
It's been so long
Now you're content to let the days go by
When you were there
You were the answer to my prayer

Forgetful heart
We loved with all the love that life can give
What can I say?
Without you it's so hard to live
Can't take much more
Why can't we love like we did before?

Forgetful heart
Like a walking shadow in my brain
All night long
I lay awake and listen to the sound of pain
The door has closed forevermore
If indeed there ever was a door/nBut my soulful mama, you know she keeps me hid
She's a junkyard angel and she always gives me bread
Well, if I go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed

Well, when the pipeline gets broken and I'm lost on the river bridge
I'm all cracked up on the highway and in the water's edge
Here she comes down the thruway ready to sew me up with a thread
Well, if I go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed

Well, she don't make me nervous, she don't talk too much
She walks like Bo Diddley and she don't need no crutch
She keeps this four-ten all loaded with lead
Well, if I go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed

Well, you know I need a steam shovel, mama, to keep away the dead
I need a dump truck, baby, to unload my head
She brings me everything and more, and just like I said
Well, if I go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed/nNone/nUpon four-legged forest clouds, the cowboy angel rides
With his candle lit into the sun, though its glow is waxed in black
All except when 'neath the trees of Eden

The lamppost stands with folded arms, its iron claws attached
To curbs 'neath holes where babies wail, though it shadows metal badge
All and all can only fall with a crashing but meaningless blow
No sound ever comes from the gates of Eden

The savage soldier just sticks his head in sand and then complains
Unto the shoeless hunter who's gone deaf, but still remains
Upon the beach where hound dogs bay at ships with tattooed sails
Heading for the gates of Eden

With a time-rusted compass blade, Aladdin and his lamp
Sits with Utopian hermit monks, sidesaddle on the Golden Calf
And on their promises of paradise, you will not hear a laugh
All except inside the gates of Eden

Relationships of ownership, they whisper in the wings
To those condemned to act accordingly and wait for succeeding kings
And I try to harmonize with songs the lonesome sparrow sings
There are no kings inside the gates of Eden

The motorcycle black Madonna, two-wheeled gypsy queen
And her silver-studded phantom cause the gray flannel dwarf to scream
As he weeps to wicked birds of prey who pick upon his bread crumb sins
And there are no sins inside the gates of Eden

The kingdoms of experience, in the precious winds they rot
While paupers change possessions, each one wishing for what the other has got
And the princess and the prince discuss what's real and what is not
It doesn't matter inside the gates of Eden

The foreign sun, it squints upon a bed that is never mine
As friends and other strangers from their fates try to resign
Leaving men wholly, totally free to do anything they wish to do but die
And there are no trials inside the gates of Eden

At dawn my lover comes to me and tells me of her dreams
With no attempts to shovel the glimpse into the ditch of what each one means
At times I think there are no words but these to tell what's true
And there are no truths outside the gates of Eden/nNone/nThere were tears in my bed.
They killed a man I really loved
Shot him through the head.
Lord, Lord,
They cut George Jackson down.
Lord, Lord,
They laid him in the ground.

Sent him off to prison
For a seventy-dollar robbery.
Closed the door behind him
And they threw away the key.
Lord, Lord, They cut George Jackson down.
Lord, Lord,
They laid him in the ground.

He wouldn't take shit from no one
He wouldn't bow down or kneel.
Authorities, they hated him
Because he was just too real.
Lord, Lord,
They cut George Jackson down.


Lord, Lord,
They laid him in the ground.

Prison guards, they cursed him
As they watched him from above
But they were frightened of his power
They were scared of his love.
Lord, Lord,
So they cut George Jackson down.
Lord, Lord,
They laid him in the ground.

Sometimes I think this whole world
Is one big prison yard.
Some of us are prisoners
The rest of us are guards.
Lord, Lord,
They cut George Jackson down.
Lord, Lord,
They laid him in the ground./nNone/nWhere the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Remember me to the one who lives there
For she once was a true love of mine

If you go when the snowflakes storm
When the rivers freeze and summer ends
Please see if she has a coat so warm
To keep her from the howling winds

Please see if her hair hangs long
If it rolls and flows all down her breast
Please see from me if her hair is hanging long
For that's the way I remember her best

I'm wondering if she remembers me at all
So many times I've thought and prayed
In the darkness of my night
And the brightness of my days

So if you're traveling in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Remember me to the one who lives there
For she once was a true love of mine/nGod knows it's true
God knows there ain't anybody
Ever gonna take the place of you

God knows it's a struggle
God knows it's a crime
God knows there's gonna be no more water
But fire next time

God didn't call it treason
God didn't call it wrong
It was supposed to last a season
But it's been so strong for so long

God knows it's fragile
God knows everything
God knows it could snap apart right now
Just like putting scissors to a string

God knows it's terrifying
God sees it all unfold
There's a million reasons for you to be crying
You been so bold and so cold

God knows that when you see it
God knows you've got to weep
God knows the secrets of your heart
He'll tell them to you when you're asleep

God knows there's a river
God knows how to make it flow
God knows you ain't gonna be taking
Nothing with you when you go

God knows there's a purpose
God knows there's a chance
God knows you can rise above the darkest hour
Of any circumstance

God knows there's a heaven
God knows it's out of sight
God knows we can get all the way from here to there
Even if we've got to walk a million miles by candlelight

God knows/nNone/nShe never does me wrong
She puts it to me plain as day
And gives it to me for a song.
It's a wicked life but what the hell
Everybody's got to eat
And I'm just the same as anyone else
When it comes to scratchin' for my meat.

Goin' to Acapulco
Goin' on the run
Goin' down to see soccer
Goin' to have some fun
Yeah! Goin' to have some fun.

Now whenever I am gettin' up
And can't find what I need
I just make it down to Rosemary's
And get somethin' quick to eat.
It's not a bad way to make a livin'
And I ain't complainin' none
For I can plow my plum and drink my rum
And then go on home and have my fun.

Goin' to Acapulco
Goin' on the run
Goin' down to see soccer
Goin' to have some fun
Yeah! Goin' to have some fun.

Now when someone offers me a joke
I just say, "No thanks."
I try to tell them like it is
And keep away from pranks.
Like everytime you know when the well breaks down
I just go pump on it some
Rosemary, she likes to go to big places
And just sit there waitin' for me to come.

Goin' to Acapulco
Goin' on the run
Goin' down to see soccer
Gonna have some fun
Yeah! Goin' to have some fun./nWhere the willow don't bend
There's not much more to be said
It's the top of the end
I'm going
I'm going
I'm gone

I'm closin' the book
On the pages and the text
And I don't really care
What happens next
I'm just going
I'm going
I'm gone

I been hangin' on threads
I been playin' it straight
Now, I've just got to cut loose
Before it gets late
So I'm going
I'm going
I'm gone

Grandma said, "Boy, go and follow your heart
And you'll be fine at the end of the line
All that's gold isn't meant to shine
Don't you and your one true love ever part."

I been walkin' the road
I been livin' on the edge
Now, I've just got to go
Before I get to the ledge
So I'm going
I'm just going
I'm gone/nI see the sailin' boats across the bay go by.
Eucalyptus trees hang above the street
And then I turn my head, for you're approachin' me.
Moonlight on the water, fisherman's daughter, floatin' in to my room
With a golden loom.

First we wash our feet near the immortal shrine
And then our shadows meet and then we drink the wine.
I see the hungry clouds up above your face
And then the tears roll down, what a bitter taste.
And then you drift away on a summer's day where the wildflowers bloom 
With your golden loom.

I walk across the bridge in the dismal light
Where all the cars are stripped between the gates of night.
I see the trembling lion with the lotus flower tail
And then I kiss your lips as I lift your veil.
But you're gone and then all I seem to recall is the smell of perfume
And your golden loom./nMake myself a different set of rules.
Gonna change my way of thinking,
Make myself a different set of rules.
Gonna put my good foot forward,
And stop being influenced by fools.

So much oppression,
Can't keep track of it no more.
So much oppression,
Can't keep track of it no more.
Sons becoming husbands to their mothers,
And old men turning young daughters into whores.

Stripes on your shoulders,
Stripes on your back and on your hands.
Stripes on your shoulders,
Stripes on your back and on your hands.
Swords piercing your side,
Blood and water flowing through the land.

Well don't know which one is worse,
Doing your own thing or just being cool.
Well don't know which one is worse,
Doing your own thing or just being cool.
You remember only about the brass ring,
You forget all about the golden rule.

You can mislead a man,
You can take ahold of his heart with your eyes.
You can mislead a man,
You can take ahold of his heart with your eyes.
But there's only one authority,
And that's the authority on high.

I got a God-fearing woman,
One I can easily afford.
I got a God-fearing woman,
One I can easily afford.
She can do the Georgia crawl,
She can walk in the spirit of the Lord.

Jesus said, "Be ready,
For you know not the hour in which I come."
Jesus said, "Be ready,
For you know not the hour in which I come."
He said, "He who is not for Me is against Me,"
Just so you know where He's coming from.

There's a kingdom called Heaven,
A place where there is no pain of birth.
There's a kingdom called Heaven,
A place where there is no pain of birth.
Well the Lord created it, mister,
About the same time He made the earth./nNone/nNone/nI been in this thing too long
There's nothin' you can say or do
To make me think I'm wrong

Well, I'm goin' off to Libya
There's a guy I gotta see
He's been living there three years now
In an oil refinery
I've got my mind made up
Oh, I 've got my mind made up

Call your Ma in Tallahassee
Tell her her baby's on the line
Tell her not to worry
Everything is gonna be fine

Well, I gave you all my money
All my connections, too
There ain't nothin' in this world, girl
You can say I didn't give to you
I've got my mind made up
I've got my mind made up

You will be alright, girl
Someone's watchin' over you
He won't do nothin' to you
Baby that I wouldn't do

Well, if you don't want to see me
Look the other way
You don't have to feed me
I ain't your dog that's gone astray

I got my mind made up
I got my mind made up
I got my mind made up
I got my mind made up
I got my mind made up/nTo England or France
You might like to gamble
You might like to dance
You may be the heavyweight
Champion of the world
You might be a socialite
With a long string of pearls

But you're gonna have to serve somebody
Yes indeed, you're gonna have to serve somebody
Well it may be the Devil
Or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody

Might be a Rock-n-roll addict
Prancing on the stage
Money, Drugs at your command
Women in a cage
You may be a businessman
Or some high degree thief
They may call you doctor
Or they may call you chief

But you're gonna have to serve somebody
Yes you are, you're gonna have to serve somebody
Well it may be the Devil
Or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody

You may be a state trooper
You might be a young tough
You may be the head
Of some big TV network
You may be rich or poor
You may be blind or lame
Maybe livin' in another Country
Under another name

But you're gonna have to serve somebody
Yes you are, you're gonna have to serve somebody
Well it may be the Devil
Or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody

Maybe a construction worker
Workin' on a home
Might be livin' in a Mansion
You might live in a dome
You may own guns
And you may even own tanks
You may be someone's landlord
You may even own banks

But you're gonna have to serve somebody
Yes, you're gonna have to serve somebody
Well it may be the Devil
Or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody

You may be a Preacher
Preaching Spiritual Pride
Maybe a City Councilman
Takin' bribes on the side
Maybe working in a Barbershop
You may know how to cut hair
You may be somebody's mistress
Maybe somebody's heir

But you're gonna have to serve somebody
Yes, you're gonna have to serve somebody
Well it may be the Devil
Or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody

Might like to wear cotton
Might like to wear silk
Might like to drink whiskey
Might like to drink milk
Might like to eat caviar
You might like to eat bread
Maybe sleeping on the floor
Sleepin' in a king-size bed

But you're gonna have to serve somebody
Yes indeed, you're gonna have to serve somebody
Well it may be the Devil
Or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody

You may call me Terry
You may call me Timmy
You may call me Bobby
Or you may call me Zimmy
You may call me RJ
You may call me Ray
You may call me anything
No matter what you say

You're still gonna have to serve somebody
Yes, you're gonna have to serve somebody
Well it may be the Devil
And it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody

Ohh Yeah
Serve Somebody/nHeard the last moan of a boxer, seen the massacre of the innocent
Felt around for the light switch, felt around for her face
Been treated like a farm animal on a wild goose chase

West of the Jordan, east of the Rock of Gibraltar
I see the burning of the page, Curtain risin' on a new age
See the groom still waitin' at the altar

Try to be pure at heart, they arrest you for robbery
Mistake your shyness for aloofness, your shyness for snobbery
Got the message this morning, the one that was sent to me
About the madness of becomin' what one was never meant to be

West of the Jordan, east of the Rock of Gibraltar
I see the burning of the stage
Curtain risin' on a new age
See the groom still waitin' at the altar

Don't know what I can say about Claudette wouldn't come back to haunt me
Finally had to give her up 'bout the time she began to want me
But I know God has mercy on them who are slandered and humiliated
I'd a-done anything for that woman if she didn't make me feel so obligated

West of the Jordan, west of the Rock of Gibraltar
I see the burning of the cage
Curtain risin' on a new stage
See the groom still waitin' at the altar

Put your hand on my head, baby, do I have a temperature?
I see people who are supposed to know better standin' around like furniture
There's a wall between you and what you want and you got to leap it
Tonight you got the power to take it, tomorrow you won't have the power to
Keep it

West of the Jordan, east of the Rock of Gibraltar
I see the turnin' of the page, Curtain risin' on a new age
See the groom still waitin' at the altar

Cities on fire, phones out of order
They're killing nuns and soldiers, there's fighting on the border
What can I say about Claudette?
Ain't seen her since January
She could be respectably married or running a whorehouse in Buenos Aires

West of the Jordan, west of the Rock of Gibraltar
I see the turnin' of the page
Curtain risin' on a new age
See the groom still waitin' at the altar/nNone/n'Case you run into Gypsy Lou
She's a ramblin' woman with a ramblin' mind
Leavin' some poor boy behind

Hey, 'round the bend
Gypsy Lou's gone again
Gypsy Lou's gone again

Well, I seen this whole country through
I seen this whole country through
Just to find Gypsy Lou
Seen it up, seen it down
Followin' Gypsy Lou around

Hey, 'round the bend
Gypsy Lou's gone again
Gypsy Lou's gone again

Well, I gotta stop and take some rest
My poor feet are second best
My poor feet are wearin' thin
Gypsy Lou's gone again

Hey, gone again
Gypsy Lou's 'round the bend
Gypsy Lou's 'round the bend

Well, seen her up in old Cheyenne
Turned my head and away she ran
From Denver Town to Wichita
Last I heard she's in Arkansas

Hey, 'round the bend
Gypsy Lou's gone again
Gypsy Lou's gone again

Well, I tell you what if you want to do
Tell you what, you'll wear out your shoes
If you want to wear out your shoes
Try and follow Gypsy Lou

Hey, gone again
Gypsy Lou's 'round the bend
Gypsy Lou's 'round the bend

Well, Gypsy Lou, I been told
Livin' down on Gallus Road
Gallus Road, Arlington
Moved away to Washington

Hey, 'round the bend
Gypsy Lou's gone again
Gypsy Lou's gone again

Well, I went down to Washington
Then she went to Oregon
I skipped the ground and hopped a train
She's back in Gallus Road again

Hey, I can't win
Gypsy Lou's gone again
Gypsy Lou's gone again

Well, the last I heard of Gypsy Lou
She's in a Memphis calaboose
She left one too many a boy behind
He committed suicide

Hey, you can't win
Gypsy Lou's gone again
Gypsy Lou's gone again/nIt may be some place, baby, you say you where
I had a dream about you, baby
A dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

You got the crazy rhythm when you walk
You make me nervous when you start to talk
I had a dream about you, baby
A dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

Standin' on the highway, you flag me down
Said, take me, daddy, to the nearest town
I had a dream about you, baby
Had a dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

The join is jumpin' it's really somethin'
The beat is pumpin, my heart is thumpin'
Spent my money on you honey
My limbs are shakin, my heart is breakin'

You kiss me, baby, in the coffee stop
You made me so bad, you gotta stop
I had a dream about you, baby
Had a dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

The join is jumpin' it's really somethin'
The beat is pumpin, my heart is thumpin'
Spent my money on you honey
My limbs are shakin, my heart is breakin'

You had a white rag wrapped around your head
Wearing a long dress fire engine red
I had a dream about you, baby
Had a dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind./nNone/nHe been around the world and back again
Something in the moonlight still hounds him
Handy dandy, just like sugar and candy

Handy dandy, if every bone in his body was broken he would never admit it
He got an all girl orchestra and when he says
"Strike up the band", they hit it
Handy dandy, handy dandy

You say, "What are ya made of?"
He says, "Can you repeat what you said?"
You'll say, "What are you afraid of?"
He'll say, "Nothin' neither 'live nor dead."

Handy dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money
He says, "Darling, tell me the truth, how much time I got?"
She says, "You got all the time in the world, honey."
Handy dandy, Handy dandy

He's got that clear crystal fountain
He's got that soft silky skin
He's got that fortress on the mountain
With no doors, no windows, no thieves can break in

Handy dandy, sitting with a girl named Nancy in a garden feelin' kind of lazy
He says, "Ya want a gun? I'll give you one." She says, "Boy, you talking crazy."
Handy dandy, just like sugar and candy
Handy dandy, pour him another brandy

Handy dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full or sorrow
He finishes his drink, he gets up from the table he says,
"Okay, boys, I'll see you tomorrow."
Handy dandy, handy dandy, just like sugar and candy
Handy dandy, just like sugar and candy/nMy blue-eyed son?
And where have you been
My darling young one?

I've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains
I've walked and I crawled on six crooked highways
I've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests
I've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans
I've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard

And it's a hard, it's a hard
It's a hard, it's a hard
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall

Oh, what did you see
My blue-eyed son?
And what did you see
My darling young one?

I saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it
I saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it
I saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin'
I saw a room full of men with their hammers a-bleedin'
I saw a white ladder all covered with water
I saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken
I saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children

And it's a hard, it's a hard
It's a hard, and it's a hard
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall

And what did you hear
My blue-eyed son?
And what did you hear
My darling young one?

I heard the sound of the thunder that roared out a warning
I heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world
I heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a-blazin'
I heard ten thousand whisperin' and nobody listenin'
I heard one person starve, I heard many people laughin'
I heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter
I heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley

And it's a hard, it's a hard
It's a hard, it's a hard
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall

Oh, what did you meet
My blue-eyed son?
And who did you meet
My darling young one?

I met a young child beside a dead pony
I met a white man who walked a black dog
I met a young woman, her body was burning
I met a young girl, she gave me a rainbow
I met one man who was wounded in love
I met another man who was wounded in hatred

And it's a hard, it's a hard
It's a hard, it's a hard
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall

And what'll you do now
My blue-eyed son?
And what'll you do now
My darling young one?

I'm a-goin' back out 'fore the rain starts a-fallin'
I'll walk to the depths of the deepest dark forest
Where the people are many and their hands are all empty
Where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters
Where their home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison
And the executioner's face is always well-hidden

Where hunger is ugly, where the souls are forgotten
Where black is the color, where none is the number
And I'll tell it and speak it and think it and breathe it
And reflect from the mountains so all souls can see it
And I'll stand on the ocean until I start sinkin'
But I'll know my song well before I start singing

And it's a hard, it's a hard
It's a hard, and it's a hard
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall/nSing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong.
Just a little glimpse of a story I'll tell
'Bout an East Coast city that you all know well.
It's hard times in the city,
Livin' down in New York town.

Old New York City is a friendly old town,
From Washington Heights to Harlem on down.
There's a-mighty many people all millin' all around,
They'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down.
It's hard times in the city,
Livin' down in New York town.

It's a mighty long ways from the Golden Gate
To Rockefeller Plaza n' the Empire State.
Mister Rockefeller sets up as high as a bird,
Old Mister Empire never says a word.
It's hard times from the country,
Livin' down in New York town.

Well, it's up in the mornin' tryin' to fin'sh a job of work.
Stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt.
If you go' a lot o' money you can make yourself merry,
If you only got a nickel, it's the Staten Island Ferry.
And it's hard times in the city,
Livin' down in New York town.

Mister Hudson come a-sailin' down the stream
And old Mister Minuet paid for his dream.
Bought your city on a one-way track,
'F I had my way I'd sell it right back.
And it's hard times in the city,
Livin' down in New York town.

I'll take all the smog in Cal-i-for-ne-ay,
'N' every bit of dust in the Oklahoma plains,
'N' the dirt in the caves of the Rocky Mountain mines.
It's all much cleaner than the New York kind.
And it's hard times in the city,
Livin' down in New York town.

So all you newsy people, spread the news around,
You c'n listen to m' story, listen to m' song.
You c'n step on my name, you c'n try 'n' get me beat,
When I leave New York, I'll be standin' on my feet.
And it's hard times in the city,
Livin' down in New York town./nI wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere
You got something I want plenty of
Ooh, a little touch of your love

Hazel, stardust in your eye
You're goin' somewhere and so am I
I'd give you the sky high above
Ooh, for a little touch of your love

Oh no, I don't need any reminder
To know how much I really care
But it's just making me blinder and blinder
Because I'm up on a hill and still you're not there

Hazel, you called and I came
Now don't make me play this waiting game
You've got something I want plenty of
Ooh, a little touch of your love/nNone/nNone/nYou can play with fire but you'll get the bill
Don't let her know
Don't let her know that you love her
Don't be a fool, don't be blind
Heart of mine

Heart of mine go back home
You got no reason to wander, no reason to roam
Don't let her see
Don't let her see that you need her
Don't put yourself over the line
Heart of mine

Heart of mine go back where you been
It'll only be trouble for you if you let her in
Don't let her hear
Don't let her know where your'e going
Don't untie the ties that bind
Heart of mine

Heart of mine so malicious and so full of guile
Give you an inch and you'll take a mile
Don't let yourself fall Don't let yourself stumble
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime
Heart of mine/nAnd find somebody to fight

She reads too many books
She got nails inside her head
She reads too many books
She got nails inside her head

Yeah, she will not be satisfied
Until I want them dead

You need a different kinda man, babe
One that can grab and hold your heart
Need a different kind of man, babe
One that can hold and grab your heart

You need a different kind of man
You need, you need Napoleon Bonaparte

Well, when I'm dead
No more good times will I crave
When I'm dead
No more good times will I crave

You can stand and shout hero
All over my lonesome grave/nNone/nHoneysuckle blooming in the wildwood air
Bluebelles blazing where the Aberdeen waters flow
Well my heart's in the Highland
I'm gonna go there when I feel good enough to go

Windows were shakin' all night in my dreams
Everything was exactly the way that it seems
Woke up this morning and I looked at the same old page
Same ol' rat race
Life in the same ol' cage

I don't want nothing from anyone, ain't that much to take
Wouldn't know the difference between a real blonde and a fake
Feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery
I wish someone would come
And push back the clock for me

Well, my heart's in the Highlands wherever I roam
That's where I'll be when I get called home
The wind, it whispers to the buckeye trees in rhyme
Well my heart's in the Highland
I can only get there one step at a time

I'm listening to Neil Young, I gotta turn up the sound
Someone's always yelling, 
Feel like I'm drifting
Drifting from scene the scene
I'm wondering what in the devil could it all possibly mean?

Insanity is smashing up against my soul
You can say I was on anything but a roll
If I had a conscience, well I just might blow my top
What would I do with it anyway?
Maybe take it to the pawn shop

My heart's in the Highlands at the break of dawn
By the beautiful lake of the Black Swan
Big white clouds, like chariots that swing down low
Well my heart's in the Highlands
Only place left to go

I'm in Boston town, in some restaurant
I got no idea what I want
Well, maybe I do but I'm just really not sure
Waitress comes over
Nobody in the place but me and her

Well, it must be a holiday, there's nobody around
She studies me closely as I sit down
She got a pretty face and long white shiny legs
I say, 
She say, 

I said, 
She says, 
Then she says, 
I say, 

 she says, "I'm right here in front of you or haven't you looked?"
I say, 
She gives me a napkin, she says, 
I say, 

She pulls one out from behind her ear
She says, 
I make a few lines, and I show it for her to see
Well she takes a napkin and throws it back
And says, 

I said, 
She say,  I say, 
Then she says, 
At least that's what I think I hear her say
Well I say, 

Well, she says, 
I said, 
She says,  I say, 
She goes away for a minute and I slide out out of my chair
I step outside back to the busy street, but nobody's going anywhere

Well my heart's in the Highlands, with the horses and hounds
Way up in the border country, far from the towns
With the twang of the arrow and a snap of the bow
My heart's in the Highlands
Can't see any other way to go

Every day is the same thing out the door
Feel further away then ever before
Some things in life, it gets too late to learn
Well, I'm lost somewhere
I must have made a few bad turns

I see people in the park forgetting their troubles and woes
They're drinking and dancing, wearing bright colored clothes
All the young men with their young women looking so good
Well, I'd trade places with any of 'em
In a minute, if I could

I'm crossing the street to get away from a mangy dog
Talking to myself in a monologue
I think what I need might be a full length leather coat
Somebody just asked me
If I'm registered to vote

The sun is beginning to shine on me
But it's not like the sun that used to be
The party's over and there's less and less to say
I got new eyes
Everything looks far away

Well, my heart's in the Highlands at the break of day
Over the hills and far away
There's a way to get there and I'll figure it out somehow
But I'm already there in my mind
And that's good enough for now/nRisin' night and day
All the gold and silver
Are being stolen away

Big Joe Turner lookin' East and West
From the dark room of his mind
He made it to Kansas City
Twelfth Street and Vine

Nothing standing there
High water everywhere

High water risin'
The shacks are slidin' down
Folks lose their possessions
Folks are leaving town

Bertha Mason shook it, broke it
Then she hung it on a wall
Says, 

It's tough out there
High water everywhere

I got a cravin' love for blazing speed
Got a hopped up Mustang Ford
Jump into the wagon, love
Throw your panties overboard

I can write you poems
Make a strong man lose his mind
I'm no pig without a wig
I hope you treat me kind

Things are breakin' up out there
High water everywhere

High water risin'
Six inches 'bove my head
Coffins droppin' in the street
Like balloons made out of lead

Water pourin' into Vicksburg
Don't know what I'm going to do
 she said


It's rough out there
High water everywhere

Well, George Lewis told the Englishman
The Italian and the Jew
"You can't open your mind, boys
To every conceivable point of view."

They got Charles Darwin trapped out there on Highway Five
Judge says to the High Sheriff

High Water everywhere

The Cuckoo is a pretty bird
She warbles as she flies
I'm preachin' the Word of God
I'm puttin' out your eyes

I asked Fat Nancy for something to eat
She said, "Take it off the shelf.
As great as you are, man
You'll never be greater than yourself."

I told her I didn't really care
High water everywhere

I'm getting' up in the morning
I believe I'll dust my broom
Keeping away from the women
I'm givin' 'em lots of room

Thunder rolling over Clarksdale
Everything is looking blue
I just can't be happy, love
Unless you're happy too

It's bad out there
High water everywhere/nAbe say, "Man, you must be puttin' me on"
God say, "No," Abe say, "What?"
God say, "You can do what you want Abe, but
The next time you see me comin', you better run"

Well, Abe said, "Where do you want this killin' done?"
God said, "Out on Highway 61"

Well, Georgia Sam, he had a bloody nose
Welfare Department, they wouldn't give him no clothes
He asked poor Howard, "Where can I go?"
Howard said, "There's only one place I know"
Sam said, "Tell me quick, man, I got to run"

Oh, Howard just pointed with his gun
And said, "That way down on Highway 61"

Well, Mack the Finger said to Louie the King
"I got forty red white and blue shoe strings
And a thousand telephones that don't ring
Do you know where I can get rid of these things?"
And Louie the King said, "Let me think for a minute, son"

And he said, "Yes, I think it can be easily done
Just take everything down to Highway 61"

Now the fifth daughter on the twelfth night
Told the first father that things weren't right
"My complexion," she says, "is much too white"
He said, "Come here and step into the light" he says, "Hmm, you're right
Let me tell the second mother this has been done"

But the second mother was with the seventh son
And they were both out on Highway 61

Now the rovin' gambler, he was very bored
Tryin' to create a next world war
He found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor
He said, "I never engaged in this kind of thing before
But yes, I think it can be very easily done

We'll just put some bleachers out in the sun
And have it on Highway 61"/nSome of these women they just give me the creeps
I'm avoidin' the south side the best I can
These memories I got, they can strangle a man
Well, I came ashore in the dead of the night
Lot of things can get in the way when you're tryin' to do what's right

You don't understand it, my feelin' for you
You'd be honest with me if you only knew

I'm not sorry for nothing I've done
I'm glad I fought, I only wish we'd won
The Siamese twins are comin' to town
People can't wait, they've gathered around
When I left my home the sky split open wide
I never wanted to go back there, I'd rather have died

You don't understand it, my feelin' for you
You'd be honest with me if only you knew

My woman got a face like a teddy bear
She's tossin' a baseball bat in the air
The meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword
I'm crashin' my car trunk first into the board
They say that my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice
Well, I'll sell it to ya at a reduced price

You don't understand it, my feeling for you
You'd be honest with me if only you knew

Some things are too terrible to be true
I won't come here no more if it's botherin' you
There's a Southern Pacific leaving at 9:45
I'm havin' a hard time, believin' some people would ever arrive
I'm stark naked but I don't care
I'm goin' off into the woods, I'm huntin' bear

You don't understand it, my feeling for you
Well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew

I'm here to create the new imperial empire
I'm gonna do whatever circumstances require
I care so much for you, didn't think I could
I can't tell my heart that you're no good
Well my parents, they warned me not to risk my years
And I still got their advice oozing out of my ears

You don't understand it, my feeling for you
Well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew/nTo get along with you
Honey, just allow me one more chance
I'll do anything for you

Well, I'm a-walkin' down the road with my head in my hand
I'm lookin' for a woman needs a worried man
Just-a one kind favor I ask you
Allow me just one more chance

Honey, just allow me one more chance
To ride your aeroplane
Honey, just allow me one more chance
To ride your passenger train

Well, I've been lookin' all over for a gal like you
I can't find nobody, so you'll have to do
There's just one kind favor I'll ask you
Allow me just one more chance

Honey, just allow me one more chance
To get along with you
Honey, just allow me one more chance
I'll do anything for you

Well, lookin' for a woman that ain't got no man
Is just lookin' for a needle that is lost in the sand
Just one kind favor I ask you
Allow me just one more chance/nAnd I dreamt of my future wife
My sword's in my hand and I'm next in command
In this version of death called life
My plate and my cup are right straight up
I took a rose from the hand of a child
When I kiss your lips, the honey drips
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

Every day we meet on any old street
And you're in your girlish prime
The short and the tall are comin' to the ball
I go there all the time
Behind every tree, there's somethin' to see
The river is wider than a mile
I tried you twice, you can't be nice
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

Here comes the nurse with money in her purse
Here come the ladies and men
You push it all in and you've no chance to win
You play 'em on down to the end
I'm laying in the sand, gettin' a sunshine tan
Moving along, ridin' in style
From my toes to my head, you knock me dead
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

I count the years and I shed no tears
I'm blinded to what might have been
Nature's voice makes my heart rejoice
Play me the wild song of the wind
I found hopeless love in the room above
When the sun and the weather were mild
You're as fine as wine, I ain't handin' you no line
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

All the merry little elves can go hang themselves
My faith is as cold as can be
I'm stacked high to the roof and I'm not without proof
If you don't believe me, come see
You think I'm blue, I think so too
In my words, you'll find no guile
The game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold
And I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

The game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while/nEnter Patty Valentine from the upper hall.
She sees the bartender in a pool of blood,
Cries out, "My God, they've killed them all!"
Here comes the story of the Hurricane,
The man the authorities came to blame
For somethin' that he never done.
Put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been
The champion of the world.

Three bodies lyin' there does Patty see
And another man named Bello, movin' around mysteriously.
"I didn't do it," he says, and he throws up his hands
"I was only robbin' the register, I hope you understand.
I saw them leavin'," he says, and he stops
"One of us had better call up the cops."
And so Patty calls the cops
And they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashin'
In the hot New Jersey night.

Meanwhile, far away in another part of town
Rubin Carter and a couple of friends are drivin' around.
Number one contender for the middleweight crown
Had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down
When a cop pulled him over to the side of the road
Just like the time before and the time before that.
In Paterson that's just the way things go.
If you're black you might as well not show up on the street
'Less you wanna draw the heat.

Alfred Bello had a partner and he had a rap for the cops.
Him and Arthur Dexter Bradley were just out prowlin' around
He said, "I saw two men runnin' out, they looked like little apes
They jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates."
And Miss Patty Valentine just nodded her head.
Cop said, "Wait a minute, boys, this one's not dead"
So they took him to the infirmary
And though this man could hardly see
He told 'em he could identify the guilty men.

Four in the mornin' and they haul Rubin in,
They took him to the hospital and they brought him upstairs.
The wounded man looks up through his one dyin' eye
Says, "Why'd you bring him in here for? He ain't the guy!"
Yes, here's the story of the Hurricane,
The man the authorities came to blame
For somethin' that he never done.
Put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been
The champion of the world.

Four months later, the ghettos are in flame,
Rubin's in South America, fightin' for his name
While Arthur Dexter Bradley's still in the robbery game
And the cops are puttin' the screws to him, lookin' for somebody to blame.
"Remember that murder that happened in a bar?
Remember you said you saw the getaway car?
You think you'd like to play ball with the law?
Think it might-a been that fighter that you saw runnin' that night?
Don't forget that you are white."

Arthur Dexter Bradley said, "I'm really not sure."
The cop said, "A poor boy like you could use a break
We got you for the motel job and we're talkin' to your friend Bello
You don't wanta have to go back to jail, be a nice fellow.
You'll be doin' society a favor.
That sonofabitch is brave and gettin' braver.
We want to put his ass in stir
We want to pin this triple murder on him
He ain't no Gentleman Jim."

Rubin could take a man out with just one punch
But he never did like to talk about it all that much.
"It's my work," he'd say, "I do it for pay
And when it's over I'd just as soon go on my way
Up to some paradise
Where the trout streams flow and the air is nice
And ride a horse along the trail."
But then they took him to the jailhouse
Where they try to turn a man into a mouse.

All of Rubin's cards were marked in advance
The trial was a pig-circus, he never had a chance.
The judge made Rubin's witnesses drunkards from the slums
To the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum
And to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger.
No one doubted that he pulled the trigger.
And though they could not produce the gun,
The D.A. said he was the one who did the deed
And the all-white jury agreed.

Rubin Carter was falsely tried.
The crime was murder one, guess who testified?
Bello and Bradley and they both baldly lied
And the newspapers, they all went along for the ride.
How can the life of such a man
Be in the palm of some fool's hand?
To see him obviously framed
Couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land
Where justice is a game.

Now all the criminals in their coats and their ties
Are free to drink martinis and watch the sunrise
While Rubin sits like Buddha in a ten-foot cell
An innocent man in a living hell.
Yes, that's the story of the Hurricane,
But it won't be over till they clear his name
And give him back the time he's done.
Put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been
The champion of the world./nWhere another man's life might begin, that's exactly where mine ends
I have tried my hand at bribery, blackmail, and deceit
And I've served time for everything 'cept beggin' on the street

Well, once I was rather prosperous, there was nothing I did lack
I had fourteen-karat gold in my mouth and silk upon my back
But I did not trust my brother, I carried him to blame
Which led me to my fatal doom, to wander off in shame

Kind ladies and kind gentlemen, soon I will be gone
But let me just warn you all, before I do pass on
Stay free from petty jealousies, live by no man's code
And hold your judgment for yourself, lest you wind up on this road/nLook how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams.
In another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed
To some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.

I and I
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
I and I
One said to the other, no man sees my face and lives.

Think I'll go out and go for a walk,
Not much happenin' here, nothin' ever does.
Besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want me to talk
I got nothin' to say, 'specially about whatever was.

I and I
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
I and I
One said to the other, no man sees my face and lives.

Took an untrodden path once, where the swift don't win the race,
It goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth.
Took a stranger to teach me, to look into justice's beautiful face
And to see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.

I and I
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
I and I
One said to the other, no man sees my face and lives.

Outside of two men on a train platform there's nobody in sight,
They're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track.
The world could come to an end tonight, but that's all right.
She should still be there sleepin' when I get back.

I and I
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
I and I
One said to the other, no man sees my face and lives.

Noontime, and I'm still pushin' myself along the road, the darkest part,
Into the narrow lanes, I can't stumble or stay put.
Someone else is speakin' with my mouth, but I'm listening only to my heart.
I've made shoes for everyone, even you, while I still go barefoot.

I and I
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
I and I
One said to the other, no man sees my face and lives./nAnd if my love is real
And how I know I'll make it through
And they, they look at me and frown
They'd like to drive me from this town
They don't want me around
'Cause I believe in you

They show me to the door
They say don't come back no more
'Cause I don't be like they'd like me to
And I walk out on my own
A thousand miles from home
But I don't feel alone
'Cause I believe in you

I believe in you even through the tears and the laughter
I believe in you even though we be apart
I believe in you even on the morning after
Oh, when the dawn is nearing
Oh, when the night is disappearing
Oh, this feeling is still here in my heart

Don't let me drift too far
Keep me where you are
Where I will always be renewed
And that which you've given me today
Is worth more than I could pay
And no matter what they say
I believe in you

I believe in you when winter turn to summer
I believe in you when white turn to black
I believe in you even though I be outnumbered
Oh, though the earth may shake me
Oh, though my friends forsake me
Oh, even that couldn't make me go back

Don't let me change my heart
Keep me set apart
From all the plans they do pursue
And I, I don't mind the pain
Don't mind the driving rain
I know I will sustain
'Cause I believe in you/nNone/nNone/nlupa/nNone/nAlive as you or me
Tearing through these quarters in
The utmost misery

With a blanket underneath his arm
And a coat of solid gold
Searching for the very souls
Whom already have been sold

"Arise, arise," he cried so loud
With a voice without restraint
"Come out, ye gifted kings and queens
And hear my sad complaint

No martyr is among ye now
Whom you can call your own
But go on your way accordingly
But know you're not alone"

I dreamed I saw St. Augustine
Alive with fiery breath
And I dreamed I was amongst the ones
That put him out to death

Oh, I awoke in anger
So alone and terrified
I put my fingers against the glass
And bowed my head and cried/nLooking far off into the East
And I see my baby comin'
She's walking with the village priest
I feel a change comin' on
And the last part of the day is already gone

We've got so much in common
We strive for the same old ends
And I just can't wait
Wait for us to become friends
I feel a change comin' on
And the fourth part of the day is already gone

Well, life is for love
And they say that love is blind
If you want to live easy
Baby, pack your clothes with mine
I feel a change comin' on
And the fourth part of the day is already gone

Well, now what's the use in dreamin'
You got better things to do
Dreams never did work for me anyway
Even when they did come true

You are as whorish as ever
Baby, you can start a fire
I must be losing my mind
You're the object of my desire
I feel a change comin' on
And the fourth part of the day is already gone

I'm a-listening to Billy Joe Shaver
And I'm reading James Joyce
Some people, they tell me
I've got the blood of the land in my voice

Everybody got all the money
Everybody got all the beautiful clothes
Everybody got all the flowers
I don't have one single rose
I feel a change comin' on
And the fourth part of the day's already gone/nNone/nNone/nWho wishes he would've stayed home
Who uses all his power to do evil
But in the end is always left so alone

That man whom with his fingers cheats
And whom lies with every breath
Who passionately hates his life
And likewise fears his death

I pity the poor immigrant
Whose strength is spent in vain
Whose heaven is like Ironsides
Whose tears are like rain

Who eats but is not satisfied
Who hears but does not see
Who falls in love with wealth itself
And turns his back on me

I pity the poor immigrant
Who tramples through the mud
Who fills his mouth with laughing
And who builds his town with blood

Whose visions in the final end
Must shatter like the glass
I pity the poor immigrant
When his gladness comes to pass/nI's three-fourths drunk, she looked alright
'Til she started peelin' off her onion-gook
She took off her wig, an' said, "How do I look?"

I was high-flyin'
Bare-naked
Out the window

Well, sometimes I might get drunk
Walk like a duck and smell like a skunk
Don't hurt me none, it don't hurt my pride
'Cause I got my little lady right by my side

She's-a tryin' to hide
Pretendin' she don't know me

I's out there paintin' on the old woodshed
When a can of black paint it fell on my head
I went down to scrub and rub
But I had to sit in back of the tub

Cost a quarter
Half-price

Well, my telephone rang, it would not stop
It's President Kennedy callin' me up
He said, "My friend, Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?"
I said, "My friend, John, Brigitte Bardot

Anita Ekberg
Sophia Loren."
Country'll grow

Well, I got a woman four feet short
She yells and hollers and screams and snorts
She tickles my nose pats me on the head
Rolls me over and kicks me outta bed

She's a man-eater
Meat-grinder
Bad loser

Oh, there ain't no use in me workin' all the time
I got a woman who works herself blind
Works up to her britches, up to her neck
Writes me letters and sends me checks

She's a humdinger
Folk singer

Late one day in the middle of the week
Eyes were closed, I was half asleep
I chased me a woman up the hill
Right in the middle of an air raid drill

I jumped the fallout shelter
I jumped the string-bean
I jumped the TV dinner
I jumped the shotgun

Now, the man on the stand, he wants my vote
He's a-runnin' for office on a ballot note
He's out there preachin' in front of the steeple
Tellin' me he loves all kinds of people

He's eatin' bagels
He's eatin' pizza
He's eatin' chitlins

Oh, I set me down on the television floor
I flipped the channel on to number four
Out of the shower comes a football man
With a bottle of oil in his hand

Greasy kid stuff
But what I want to know, Mr. Football Man
Is what do you do about Willy Mays?
Martin Luther King, Oula Tunjee?

Well, the funniest woman I ever seen
Was the great-granddaughter of Mr. Clean
She takes about fifteen baths a day
Wants me to grow a mustache on my face, she's insane

Well, ya ask me why I'm drunk all the time
It levels my head and eases my mind
I just walk along and stroll and sing
I'll see better days and I'll do better things

I'll catch dinosaurs
Make love to Elizabeth Taylor
Catch hell from Richard Burton/nI'm just like him, the same as you
I'm everybody's brother and son
I ain't different than anyone

Ain't no use to talk to me 
It's just the same as talking to you

I was shadow-boxing earlier in the day
I figured I was ready for Cassius Clay
I said "Fee, fie, fo, fum, Cassius Clay, here I come
26, 27, 28, 29, I'm gonna make your face look just like mine

5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Cassius Clay, you better run 
99, 100 101, 102, your ma won't even recognize you
14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19
Gonna knock him clean right out of his spleen

Well, I don't know, but I've been told
The streets of heaven are lined with gold
I ask you how things could get much worse
If the Russians happen to get up there first

Wowee!
Pretty scary!

Now I'm liberal, but to a degree
I want everybody to be free
But if you think that I'll let Barry Goldwater
Move in next door and marry my daughter

You must think I'm crazy!
I wouldn't let him do it for all the farms in Cuba

Well, I set my monkey on the log
And ordered him to do the Dog
He wagged his tail and shook his head
And he went and did the Cat instead

He's a weird monkey!
Very funky!

I sat with my high-heeled sneakers on
Waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun
I had my white shorts rolled up past my waist
And my wig-hat was falling in my face
But they wouldn't let me on the tennis court

I gotta woman, she's so mean
She sticks my boots in the washing machine
Sticks me with buckshot when I'm nude
Puts bubblegum in my food

She's funny
Wants my money
Calls me honey

Now I got a friend who spends his life
Stabbing my picture with a bowie-knife
Dreams of stranglin' me with a scarf
When my name comes up he pretends to barf
I've got a million friends!

Now they asked me to read a poem
At the sorority sister's home 
I got knocked down and my head was swimmin'
I wound up with the Dean of Women

Yippee!
I'm a poet, I know it
Hope I don't blow it

I'm gonna grow my hair down to my feet so strange
So I look like a walking mountain range
And I'm gonna ride into Omaha on a horse
Out to the country club and the golf course

Carryin' the New York Times
Shoot a few holes, blow their minds

Well, you're probably wondering by now
Just what this song is all about
What's probably got you baffled more
Is what this thing here is for

It's nothin'
It's something I learned over in England/nThey say ev'ry man must fall
Yet I swear I see my reflection
Some place so high above the wall
I see my light come shining
From the west down to the east
Any day now, any day now
I shall be released.

Yondah stands a man in this lonely crowd
A man who swears he's not to blame
Every night I hear him crying out so loud
Crying cause he was framed
I see my light come shining
From the west down to the east
Any day now, any day now
I shall be released.

They say ev'rything can be replaced
Yet ev'ry distance is not near
So I remember ev'ry damn face
Of ev'ry bastard who put me here
I see my light come shining
From the west down to the east
Any day now, any day now
I shall be released./nShe said she would always stay
But I was cruel, I treated her like a fool
I threw it all away

Once I had mountains in the palm of my hand
And rivers that ran through every day
I must have been mad, I never knew what I had
Until I threw it all away

Love is all there is, it makes the world go 'round
Love and only love, it can't be denied
No matter what you think about it, you just won't be able to do without it
Take a tip from one who's tried

So if you find someone that gives you all of her love
Take it to your heart, don't let it stray
One thing for certain, you will surely be a-hurtin'
If you throw it all away, if you throw it all away/nAnd the judge says, "Mona can't have no bond"
And the walls collide, Mona cries
And the rain man leaves in the wolfman's disguise

I wanna be your lover, baby, I wanna be your man
I wanna be your lover, baby
I don't wanna be hers, I wanna be yours

Well, the undertaker in his midnight suit
Says to the masked man, "Ain't you cute!"
Well, the mask man he gets up on the shelf
And he says, "You ain't so bad yourself"

I wanna be your lover, baby, I wanna be your man
I wanna be your lover, baby
I don't wanna be hers, I wanna be yours

Well, jumpin' Judy can't go no higher
She had bullets in her eyes, and they fire
Rasputin he's so dignified
He touched the back of her head an' he died

I wanna be your lover, baby, I wanna be your man
I wanna be your lover, baby
I don't wanna be hers, I wanna be yours

Well, Phaedra with her looking glass
Stretchin' out upon the grass
She gets all messed up and she faints
That's 'cause she's so obvious and you ain't

I wanna be your lover, baby, I wanna be your man
I wanna be your lover, baby
I don't wanna be hers, I wanna be yours/nThe silver saxophones say I should refuse you
The cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn
But it's not that way, I wasn't born to lose you

I want you
I want you
I want you so bad
Honey, I want you

The drunken politician leaps upon the street where mothers weep
And the saviors who are fast asleep, they wait for you
And I wait for them to interrupt me drinking from my broken cup
And ask me to open up the gate for you

I want you
I want you
Yes, I want you so bad
Honey, I want you

Now all my fathers, they've gone down
True love, they've been without it
And all their daughters put me down
'Cause I don't think about it

Well, I return to the Queen of Spades and talk with my chambermaid
She knows that I'm not afraid to look at her
She is good to me and there's nothing she doesn't see
She knows where I'd like to be, but it doesn't matter

I want you
I want you
Yes, I want you so bad
Honey, I want you

Now your dancing child with his Chinese suit, he spoke to me, I took his flute
No, I wasn't that cute to him, was I?
But I did it because he lied and because he took you for a ride
And because time was on his side and because I

Want you
I want you
Yes, I want you so bad
Honey, I want you/nAnd I've been a-rambling 'round
And I never wrote a letter to my home
To my home, Lord to my home
And I never wrote a letter to my home

It was just the other day
I was bringing home my pay
When I met an old friend I used to know
Said your mother's dead and gone
Baby sister's all gone wrong
And your daddy needs you home right away

Not a shirt on my back
Not a penny on my name
But I can't go home thisaway
Thisaway, Lord, Lord, Lord
And I can't go home thisaway

If you miss the train I'm on
Count the days I'm gone
You will hear that whistle blow a hundred miles
Hundred miles honey baby, Lord, Lord, Lord
And you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles

I'm playing on a track
Ma would come and whoop me back
On them trestles down by old Jim McKay's
When I pay the debt I owe to the commissary store
I will pawn my watch and chain and go home
Go home, Lord, Lord, Lord
I will pawn my watch and chain and go home

Used to tell ma sometimes
When I see them riding blind
Gonna make me a home out in the wind
In the wind, Lord in the wind
Make me a home out in the wind

I don't like it in the wind
I'm a-go back home again
But I can't go home thisaway
Thisaway, Lord, Lord, Lord
And I can't go home thisaway

I was young when I left home
And I been all rambling 'round
And I never wrote a letter to my home
To my home, Lord, Lord, Lord
And I never wrote a letter to my home/nAt Saint Peter's gate
Ya gonna ask him what time it is
He's gonna say, "It's too late"

Hey, hey
I'd sure hate to be you
On that dreadful day

You're gonna start to sweat
And you ain't gonna stop
You're gonna have a nightmare
And never wake up

Hey, hey, hey
I'd sure hate to be you
On that dreadful day

You're gonna cry for pills
And your head's gonna be in a knot
But the pills are gonna cost more
Than what you've got

Hey, hey
I'd sure hate to be you
On that dreadful day

You're gonna have to walk naked
Can't ride in no car
You're gonna let everybody see
Just what you are

Hey, hey
I'd sure hate to be you
On that dreadful day

Well, the good wine's a-flowin'
For five cents a quart
You're gonna look in your moneybags
And find you're one cent short

Hey, hey, hey
I'd sure hate to be you
On that dreadful day

You're gonna yell and scream
Don't anybody care?
You're gonna hear out a voice say
Shoulda listened when you heard
The word down there

Hey, hey
I'd sure hate to be you
On that dreadful day/nNone/nWhoever it is I wish they'd cut it out quick but when they will I can only guess.
They say I shot a man named Gray and took his wife to Italy,
She inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me.
I can't help it if I'm lucky.

People see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act
Their minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts.
Even you, yesterday you had to ask me where it was at,
I couldn't believe after all these years, you didn't know me better than that
Sweet lady.

Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your mouth,
Blowing down the backroads headin' south.
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe.
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

I ran into the fortune-teller, who said beware of lightning that might strike
I haven't known peace and quiet for so long I can't remember what it's like.
There's a lone soldier on the cross, smoke pourin' out of my boxcar door,
You didn't know it, you didn't think it could be done, in the final end he won the war
After losin' every battle.

I woke up on the roadside, daydreamin' 'bout the way things sometimes are
Visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are makin' me see stars.
You hurt the ones that I love best and cover up the truth with lies.
One day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzin' around your eyes,
Blood on your saddle.

Idiot wind, blowing through the flowers on your tomb,
Blowing through the curtains in your room.
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe.
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

It was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart
You tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart.
Now everything's a little upside down, as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped,
What's good is bad, what's bad is good, you'll find out when you reach the top
You're on the bottom.

I noticed at the ceremony, your corrupt ways had finally made you blind
I can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed, your eyes don't look into mine.
The priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building burned.
I waited for you on the running boards, near the cypress trees, while the springtime turned 
Slowly into autumn.

Idiot wind, blowing like a circle around my skull,
From the Grand Coulee Dam to the Capitol.
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe.
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

I can't feel you anymore, I can't even touch the books you've read
Every time I crawl past your door, I been wishin' I been somebody else instead.
Down the highway, down the tracks, down the road to ecstasy,
I followed you beneath the stars, hounded by your memory
And all your ragin' glory.

I been double-crossed now for the very last time and now I'm finally free,
I kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me.
You'll never know the hurt I suffered nor the pain I rise above,
And I'll never know the same about you, your holiness or your kind of love,
And it makes me feel so sorry.

Idiot wind, blowing through the buttons of our coats,
Blowing through the letters that we wrote.
Idiot wind, blowing through the dust upon our shelves,
We're idiots, babe.
It's a wonder we can even feed ourselves./nAcross the swooping plain?
My ears hear a symphony
Of two mules, trains and rain
The best is always yet to come
That's what they explain to me
Just do your thing, you'll be king
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, why not me
Across the swamp of time?
My mind weaves a symphony
And tapestry of rhyme
Oh, winds which rush my tale to thee
So it may flow and be
To each his own, it's all unknown
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, then what must be
Must be, and that is all
True love can make a blade of grass
Stand up straight and tall
In harmony with the cosmic sea
True love needs no company
It can cure the soul, it can make it whole
If dogs run free/nNone/nNone/nBabe, I couldn't find the door
Couldn't even see the floor
I'd be sad and blue
If not for you

If not for you
Babe, I'd lay awake all night
Wait for the morning light
To shine in through
But it would not be new
If not for you

If not for you
My sky would fall
Rain would gather, too
Without your love, I'd be nowhere at all
I'd be lost if not for you
And you know it's true

If not for you
My sky would fall
Rain would gather, too
Without your love, I'd be nowhere at all
Oh, what would I do
If not for you

If not for you
Winter would have no spring
Couldn't hear the robin sing
I just wouldn't have a clue
Anyway, it wouldn't ring true
If not for you
If not for you
If not for you/nNone/nBetter walk right
Keep your hands in your pockets
And your gun belt tight
If you’re asking for trouble
If you’re looking for a fight
If you ever go to Houston
Boy, you better walk right

If you're ever down there
On back near Lamar
You better watch out for
The man with the shining star
Better know where you're going
Or stay where you are
If you’re ever down there
On back near Lamar

Well, I know these streets
I’ve been here before
I nearly got killed here
During the Mexican War
Something always
Keeps me coming back for more
I know these streets
I’ve been here before

If you ever go to Dallas
Say hello to Mary Ann
Say I’m still looking along the trigger
Hanging on the best I can
If you see her sister Lucy
Say I’m sorry I’m not there
Tell her other sister Nancy
To pray the sinner's prayer

I got a restless fever
Burnin' in my brain
Gotta keep ridin' forward
Can’t spoil the game
The same way I’ll leave here
Will be the way that I came
Got a restless fever
Burnin' in my brain

Mister policeman
Can you help me find my gal?
Last time I saw her
Was at the Magnolia Motel
If you help me find her
You can be my pal
Mister policeman
Can you help me find my gal?

If you ever go to Austin
Fort Worth or San Anton'
Find the barrooms I got lost in
And send my memories home
Put my tears in a bottle
Screw the top on tight
If you ever go to Houston
Boy, you’d better walk right/nThere's something you must see
I want to be with you, gal
If you want to be with me

But if you got to go
It's all right
But if you got to go, go now
Or else you gotta stay all night

It ain't that I'm questionin' you
To take part in any quiz
It's just that I ain't got no watch
An' you keep askin' me what time it is

But if you got to go
It's all right
But if you got to go, go now
Or else you gotta stay all night

I am just a poor boy, baby
Lookin' to connect
But I certainly don't want you thinkin'
That I ain't got any respect

But if you got to go
It's all right
But if you got to go, go now
Or else you gotta stay all night

You know I'd have nightmares
And a guilty conscience, too
If I kept you from anything
That you really wanted to do

But if you got to go
It's all right
But if you got to go, go now
Or else you gotta stay all night

It ain't that I'm wantin'
Anything you never gave before
It's just that I'll be sleepin' soon
It'll be too dark for you to find the door

But if you got to go
It's all right
But if you got to go, go now
Or else you gotta stay all night/nShe left here last early spring, is livin' there, I hear
Say for me that I'm all right though things get kind of slow
She might think that I've forgotten her, don't tell her it isn't so.

We had a falling-out, like lovers often will
And to think of how she left that night, it still brings me a chill
And though our separation, it pierced me to the heart
She still lives inside of me, we've never been apart.

If you get close to her, kiss her once for me
I always have respected her for doing what she did and gettin' free
Oh, whatever makes her happy, I won't stand in the way
Though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night I tried to make her stay.

I see a lot of people as I make the rounds
And I hear her name here and there as I go from town to town
And I've never gotten used to it, I've just learned to turn it off
Either I'm too sensitive or else I'm gettin' soft.

Sundown, yellow moon, I replay the past
I know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast
If she's passin' back this way, I'm not that hard to find
Tell her she can look me up if she's got the time./nNone/nYou don't have to worry anymore
I'll be your baby tonight

Shut the light, shut the shade
You don't have to be afraid
I'll be your baby tonight

Well, that mockingbird's gonna sail away
We're gonna forget it
That big fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon
But we're gonna let it, you won't regret it

Kick your shoes off, do not fear
Bring that bottle over here
I'll be your baby tonight/nAt any cost.
But how long, babe,
Can you search for what's not lost?
Ev'rybody will help you,
Some people are very kind.
But if I can save you any time,
Come on, give it to me,
I'll keep it with mine.

I can't help it
If you might think I'm odd,
If I say I'm not loving you for what you are
But for what you're not.
Everybody will help you
Discover what you set out to find.
But if I can save you any time,
Come on, give it to me,
I'll keep it with mine.

The train leaves
At half past ten,
But it'll be back tomorrow,
Same time again.
The conductor he's weary,
He's still stuck on the line.
But if I can save you any time,
Come on, give it to me,
I'll keep it with mine./nWhen I've forgotten all the rest,
You to me were true,
You to me were the best.
When there is no more,
You cut to the core
Quicker than anyone I knew.
When I'm all alone
In the great unknown,
I'll remember you.

I'll remember you
At the end of the trail,
I had so much left to do,
I had so little time to fail.
There's some people that
You don't forget,
Even though you've only seen'm
One time or two.
When the roses fade
And I'm in the shade,
I'll remember you.

Didn't I, didn't I try to love you?
Didn't I, didn't I try to care?
Didn't I sleep, didn't I weep beside you
With the rain blowing in your hair?

I'll remember you
When the wind blows through the piney wood.
It was you who came right through,
It was you who understood.
Though I'd never say
That I done it the way
That you'd have liked me to.
In the end,
My dear sweet friend,
I'll remember you./nAnd it's too high for me to count I can't get the number.
I'm a fool for you, yes I'm a fool for you.

Now you here my celebrate oh it's story
But they're all to vain for me all they want is glory.
I'm a fool for you, I'm a fool for you./nShe's all too tight
In my neighborhood
She cried both day and night
I know it because it was there

It's a milestone
But she's down on her luck
And the day makes her lonely
But to make it hard to buck, now and then

I believe that she'd stop him
If she would start to care
I believe that she'd look upon
His side that used to care 
And I'd go by the Lord
Anywhere she's on my way
But I don't belong there

No I don't belong to her
I don't belong to any body
She's my Christ-forsaken angel
But she don't hear me cry
She's a lone-hearted mystic
And she can't carry on
When I'm there, she's all right
But she's not when I'm gone

Heaven knows that the answer
She don't calling no one
She's the way, forsaken beauty
For she's mine, for the one
And I lost her, hesitation
By temptation as it runs
But she don't holler me
But I'm not there, I'm gone

Now I'll cry tonight
Like I cried the night before
And I'm knees on the hassle
But I'll dream about the door
It's so long, she's forsaken
By her faith, worse to tell
It don't have contonation
She smiles, fare thee well

Now when I treat to leave 'er
I was born to love her
But she knows that the kingdom awaits
So high above her
And I run a better race
But it's not too fast still
But I don't perceive her
I'm not there, I'm gone

Well it's all about diffusion
And I cry for her veil
I don't need anybody now
Beside me to tell
And it's all affirmation
I receive but it's not
She's a lone-hearted beauty
But she don't like a spot
And she calls

Yeah, she's gone like the rain
Below the shining yesterday
But now she's home beside me
And I'd like her here to stay
She's a lone, forsaken beauty
And it don't trust anyone
And I wish I was beside her
But I'm not there, I'm gone

Well, it's too hard to stay here
And I don't want to leave
It's so bad, for so few
See, but she's a heart too hard to need
It's alone, it's a crime
The way she mauls me around
But she don't fall to hate me
But tears are gone, a painted clown

Yes, I believe that it's rightful
Oh, I believe it in my mind
I've been told like I said one night before
Carry on the cryin'
And the sole gypsy told her
Like I said, carry on
I wish I was there to help her
But I'm not there, I'm gone/nTake a look at me baby
I am a teenage prayer
When it's cloudy all the time
All you gotta do is...

(Take a look at me babe)

(I'm your teenage prayer)
Take a look at me baby
(Just take a look at me baby)
I am your teenage prayer
(Yes I'm your teenage prayer)
Take a look at me baby
(Just take a look over here at me baby)
I am your teenage prayer
(I'm your teenage prayer)

Take a look and when it's cloudy all the time
All you gotta do is say you're mine
I come runnin' anywhere
Take a look at me baby
(Just take a look at me baby)
I'm your teenage prayer

Take a look at me baby
I'm your teenage dream
Take a look at me baby
I'm your teenage dream
(Yes and I'm a dream)

When it's rainy in your heart
Just come to me and start
Tell me how I do and cheer
Oh, just come and take a look at me baby
I'm your teenage prayer

Well oh, let it rain
For any dime just come and see my face
Any time you just got to read my lines
I won't give you any respect
Oh, no

Take a look at me baby
(Just take a look over here at me baby)
I'm your teenage prayer
(Take a look at me baby, I'm a teenage prayer)
Come and take a look at me baby
(Yes take a look over here baby)
I'm your teenage prayer
('Cause I'm your teenage prayer)

When it's cloudy all the time
All you gotta do is say you're mine
I come runnin' anywhere
Take a look at me baby
(Take a look at me baby)
I'm your teenage prayer
(Prayer, hair, where)

Yes I'm your teenage prayer
You might think I'm not
Somebody might think I'm nowhere
But I'm here to tell you I'm your teenage prayer
I know what you need
I can feel it in my bones and I feel it on my throne
You're my teenage prayer
Any day any night
You just come to me when you're in fright
And I'm your teenage prayer

Take a look at me baby
(Just take a look at me baby)
I'm your teenage prayer
(You know I'm your teenage prayer baby)
Take a look at me baby
(Take a look at my hair baby)
I'm your teenage prayer
(I'm the teenage pair)

When it's cloudy all the time
All you gotta do is say you're mine
'Cause I come runnin' to you anywhere
Oh, yeah, oh you're so real
Take a look at me baby
I'm your teenage prayer/nWhen they came for Him in the garden, did they know?
Did they know He was the Son of God, did they know that He was Lord?
Did they hear when He told Peter, "Peter, put up your sword"?
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?

When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
Nicodemus came at night so he wouldn't be seen by men
Saying, "Master, tell me why a man must be born again."
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?

When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
When He said, "Pick up your bed and walk, why must you criticize?
Same thing My Father do, I can do likewise."
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?

Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?
The multitude wanted to make Him king, put a crown upon His head
Why did He slip away to a quiet place instead?
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?

When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
He said, "All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth."
Did they know right then and there what that power was worth?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?

When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
He said, "All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth."
Did they know right then and there what that power was worth?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?/nOr was it a day? I truly don't know
Where the sun never set, where the trees hung low
By that soft and shining sea
Did you respect me for what I did
Or for what I didn't do, or for keeping it hid?
Did I lose my mind when I tried to get rid
Of everything you see?

In the summertime, ah-a in the summertime
In the summertime when you were with me

I got the heart and you got the blood
We cut through iron and we cut through mud
Then came the warnin' that was before the flood
That set everybody free
Fools they made a mock of sin
Our loyalty they tried to win
But you were closer to me than my next of kin
When they didn't want to know or see

In the summertime, ah-a in the summertime
In the summertime when you were with me

Strangers, they meddled in our affairs
Poverty and shame was theirs
But all that sufferin' was not to be compared
With the glory that is to be
And I'm still carrying the gift you gave
It's a part of me now, it's been cherished and saved
It'll be with me unto the grave
And then unto eternity

In the summertime, ah-a in the summertime
In the summertime when you were with me/nNone/nDo you need me half as bad as you say, or are you just feeling guilt?
I've been burned before and I know the score
So you won't hear me complain.
Will I be able to count on you
Or is your love in vain?

Are you so fast that you cannot see that I must have solitude?
When I am in the darkness, why do you intrude?
Do you know my world, do you know my kind
Or must I explain?
Will you let me be myself
Or is your love in vain?

Well I've been to the mountain and I've been in the wind,
I've been in and out of happiness.
I have dined with kings, I've been offered wings
And I've never been too impressed.

All right, I'll take a chance, I will fall in love with you
If I'm a fool you can have the night, you can have the morning too.
Can you cook and sew, make flowers grow,
Do you understand my pain?
Are you willing to risk it all
Or is your love in vain?

Can you cook and sew, make flowers grow,
Do you understand my pain?
Are you willing to risk it all
Or is your love in vain?/nBut I could not hold on to her very long.
So I cut off my hair and I rode straight away
For the wild unknown country where I could not go wrong.

I came to a high place of darkness and light.
The dividing line ran through the center of town.
I hitched up my pony to a post on the right,
Went in to the laundry to wash my clothes down.

A man in the corner approached me for a match.
I knew right away he was not ordinary.
He said, "Are you lookin' for somethin' easy to catch?"
I said, "I got no money." He said, "That ain't necessary."

We set out that night for the cold in the North.
I gave him my blanket, and he gave me his word.
I said, "Where are we goin'?" He said we'd be back by the fourth.
I said, "That's the best news that I've ever heard."

I was thinkin' about turquoise, I was thinkin' about gold,
I was thinkin' about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace.
As we rode through the canyons, through the devilish cold,
I was thinkin' about Isis, how she thought I was so reckless.

How she told me that one day we would meet up again,
And things would be different the next time we wed,
If I only could hang on and just be her friend.
I still can't remember all the best things she said.

We came to the pyramids all embedded in ice.
He said, "There's a body I'm tryin' to find.
If I carry it out it'll bring a good price."
'Twas-a then that I knew what he had on his mind.

The wind it was howlin' and the snow was outrageous.
We chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn.
When he died I was hopin' that it wasn't contagious,
But I made up my mind that I had to go on.

I broke into the tomb, but the casket was empty.
There was no jewels, no nothin', I felt I'd been had.
When I saw that my partner was just bein' friendly,
When I took up his offer I must-a been mad.

I picked up his body and I dragged him inside,
Threw him down in the hole and I put back the cover.
I said a quick prayer then I felt satisfied.
Then I rode back to find Isis just to tell her I love her.

She was there in the meadow where the creek used to rise.
Blinded by sleep and in need of a bed,
I came in from the East with the sun in my eyes.
I cursed her one time then I rode on ahead.

She said, "Where ya been?" I said, "No place special."
She said, "You look different." I said, "Well, I guess."
She said, "You been gone." I said, "That's only natural." 
She said, "You gonna stay?" I said, "If you want me to, yes."

Isis, oh, Isis, you're a mystical child.
What drives me to you is what drives me insane.
I still can remember the way that you smiled
On the fifth day of May in the drizzlin' rain./nlupa/nWell, I've been up all night leanin' on the windowsill
Well, if I die on top of the hill
And if I don't make it, you know my baby will

Don't the moon look good, mama, shinin' through the trees?
Don't the brakeman look good, mama, flagging down the Double E's?
Don't the sun look good goin' down over the sea?
But don't my gal look fine when she's comin' after me?

Now the wintertime is coming, the windows are filled with frost
I went to tell everybody, but I could not get across
Well, I wanna be your lover, baby, I don't wanna be your boss
Don't say I never warned you when your train gets lost/nThrow on the dirt, pile on the dust
I’d do the same thing if I could
You know what they say, they say it’s all good
All good, it’s all good

Big politicians telling lies
Restaurant kitchen, all full of flies
Don't make a bit of difference
Don‘t see why it should
But it’s all right, 'cause it’s all good
It’s all good, it’s all good

Wives are leaving their husbands, they’re beginning to roam
They leave the party, and they never get home
I wouldn’t change it, even if I could
You know what they say man, it’s all good
It’s all good, all good

Brick by brick they tear you down
A teacup of water is enough to drown
You oughta know if they could, they would
Whatever going down, it’s all good
All good, say it’s all good

People in the country, people on the land
Some of ‘em so sick, they can hardly stand
Everybody would move away, if they could
It’s hard to believe, but it’s all good
Yeah

The widows cry, the orphans plea
Everywhere you look there’s more misery
Come along with me babe, I wish you would
You know what I'm saying, it’s all good
All good, I said it’s all good, all good

A cold blooded killer stalking the town
Cop cars blinkin', something bad going down
Buildings are crumbling in the neighborhood
But there's nothing to worry about, 'cause it's all good
It’s all good, I say it's all good, whoo

I'm gonna pluck off your beard and blow it in your face
This time tomorrow I’ll be rolling in your place
I wouldn’t change a thing, even if I could
You know what they say, they say it’s all good
It’s all good, oh yeah/nBut whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast
Yonder stands your orphan with his gun
Crying like a fire in the sun

Look out, the saints are comin' through
And it's all over now, Baby Blue

The highway is for gamblers, better use your sense
Take what you have gathered from coincidence
The empty-handed painter from your streets
Is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets

The sky too is folding under you
And it's all over now, Baby Blue

All your seasick sailors, they're all rowing home
Your empty-handed army is all going home
Your lover who just walked out the door
Has taken all his blankets from the floor

The carpet too is moving under you
And it's all over now, Baby Blue

Leave your stepping stones behind there, something calls for you
Forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you
The vagabond who's rapping at your door
Is standing in the clothes that you once wore

Strike another match, go start anew
And it's all over now, Baby Blue/nShadows even the silver spoon
The handmade blade, the child's balloon
Eclipses both the sun and moon
To understand you know too soon there is no sense in trying

Pointed threats, they bluff with scorn
Suicide remarks are torn
From the fool's gold mouthpiece, the hollow horn
Plays wasted words, proves to warn
That he not busy being born is busy dying

Temptation's page flies out the door
You follow, find yourself at war
Watch waterfalls of pity roar
You feel to moan but unlike before
You discover that you'd just be one more person crying

So don't fear if you hear
A foreign sound to your ear
It's alright, Ma
I'm only sighing

As some warn victory, some downfall
Private reasons great or small
Can be seen in the eyes of those that call
To make all that should be killed to crawl
While others say don't hate nothing at all, except hatred

Disillusioned words like bullets bark
As human gods aim for their mark
Make everything from toy guns that spark
To flesh-colored Christs that glow in the dark
It's easy to see without looking too far that not much is really sacred

While preachers preach of evil fates
Teachers teach that knowledge waits
Can lead to hundred dollar plates
Goodness hides behind its gates
But even the president of the United States sometimes must have to stand naked

And though the rules of the road have been lodged
It's only people's games that you got to dodge
And it's alright, Ma
I can make it

Advertising signs that con
You into thinking you're the one
That can do what's never been done
That can win what's never been won
Meantime, life outside goes on all around you

You lose yourself, you reappear
You suddenly find you got nothing to fear
Alone you stand with nobody near
When a trembling distant voice unclear
Startles your sleeping ears to hear that somebody thinks they really found you

A question in your nerves is lit
Yet you know there is no answer fit
To satisfy, insure you not to quit
To keep it in your mind and not forget
That it is not he or she or them or it that you belong to

But though the masters make the rules
For the wise men and the fools
I got nothing, Ma
To live up to

For them that must obey authority
That they do not respect in any degree
Who despise their jobs, their destinies
Speak jealously of them that are free
Cultivate their flowers to be
Nothing more than something they invest in

While some on principles baptized
To strict party platform ties
Social clubs in drag disguise
Outsiders they can freely criticize
Tell nothing except who to idolize
And then say God bless him

While one who sings with his tongue on fire
Gargles in the rat race choir
Bent out of shape from society’s pliers
Cares not to come up any higher
But rather get you down in the hole
That he’s in

But I mean no harm nor put fault
On anyone that lives in a vault
But it’s alright, Ma, if I can’t please him

Old lady judges watch people in pairs
Limited in sex, they dare
To push fake morals, insult and stare
While money doesn't talk, it swears
Obscenity, who really cares, propaganda, all is phony

While them that defend what they cannot see
With a killer's pride, security
It blows their minds most bitterly
For them that think death's honesty
Won't fall upon them naturally, life sometimes must get lonely

My eyes collide head-on with stuffed
Graveyards, false goals, I scuff
At pettiness which plays so rough
Walk upside-down inside handcuffs
Kick my legs to crash it off
Say, "Okay, I've had enough, what else can you show me?"

And if my thought-dreams could be seen
They'd probably put my head in a guillotine
But it's alright, Ma
It's life, and life only/nNone/nNone/nAll the bombardiers are trying to force her out of town.
She's five feet nine and she carries a monkey wrench.
She weighs more by the foot than she does by the inch.
She got all the downtown boys, all at her command
But you've got to watch her closely 'cause she ain't no woman
She's a man./nOpened up his eyes to the tune of an accordion
Always on the outside of whatever side there was
When they asked him why it had to be that way, "Well," he answered, "just because."

Larry was the oldest, Joey was next to last.
They called Joe "Crazy," the baby they called "Kid Blast."
Some say they lived off gambling and runnin' numbers too.
It always seemed they got caught between the mob and the men in blue.

Joey, Joey,
King of the streets, child of clay.
Joey, Joey,
What made them want to come and blow you away?

There was talk they killed their rivals, but the truth was far from that
No one ever knew for sure where they were really at.
When they tried to strangle Larry, Joey almost hit the roof.
He went out that night to seek revenge, thinkin' he was bulletproof.

The war broke out at the break of dawn, it emptied out the streets
Joey and his brothers suffered terrible defeats
Till they ventured out behind the lines and took five prisoners.
They stashed them away in a basement, called them amateurs.

The hostages were tremblin' when they heard a man exclaim,
"Let's blow this place to kingdom come, let Con Edison take the blame."
But Joey stepped up, he raised his hand, said, "We're not those kind of men.
It's peace and quiet that we need to go back to work again."

Joey, Joey,
King of the streets, child of clay.
Joey, Joey,
What made them want to come and blow you away?

The police department hounded him, they called him Mr. Smith
They got him on conspiracy, they were never sure who with.
"What time is it?" said the judge to Joey when they met
"Five to ten," said Joey. The judge says, "That's exactly what you get."

He did ten years in Attica, reading Nietzsche and Wilhelm Reich
They threw him in the hole one time for tryin' to stop a strike.
His closest friends were black men 'cause they seemed to understand
What it's like to be in society with a shackle on your hand.

When they let him out in '71 he'd lost a little weight
But he dressed like Jimmy Cagney and I swear he did look great.
He tried to find the way back into the life he left behind
To the boss he said, "I have returned and now I want what's mine."

Joey, Joey,
King of the streets, child of clay.
Joey, Joey,
Why did they have to come and blow you away?

It was true that in his later years he would not carry a gun
"I'm around too many children," he'd say, "they should never know of one."
Yet he walked right into the clubhouse of his lifelong deadly foe,
Emptied out the register, said, "Tell 'em it was Crazy Joe."

One day they blew him down in a clam bar in New York
He could see it comin' through the door as he lifted up his fork.
He pushed the table over to protect his family
Then he staggered out into the streets of Little Italy.

Joey, Joey,
King of the streets, child of clay.
Joey, Joey,
What made them want to come and blow you away?

Sister Jacqueline and Carmela and mother Mary all did weep.
I heard his best friend Frankie say, "He ain't dead, he's just asleep."
Then I saw the old man's limousine head back towards the grave
I guess he had to say one last goodbye to the son that he could not save.

The sun turned cold over President Street and the town of Brooklyn mourned
They said a mass in the old church near the house where he was born.
And someday if God's in heaven overlookin' His preserve
I know the men that shot him down will get what they deserve.

Joey, Joey,
King of the streets, child of clay.
Joey, Joey,
What made them want to come and blow you away?/nHis mama sure was proud of him
He stood straight and tall in his uniform and all
His mama's face broke out all in a grin

"Oh son, you look so fine, I'm glad you're a son of mine
You make me proud to know you hold a gun
Do what the captain says, lots of medals you will get
And we'll put them on the wall when you come home"

As that old train pulled out, John's ma began to shout
Tellin' ev'ryone in the neighborhood:
"That's my son that's about to go, he's a soldier now, you know"
She made well sure her neighbors understood

She got a letter once in a while and her face broke into a smile
As she showed them to the people from next door
And she bragged about her son with his uniform and gun
And these things you called a good old-fashioned war

Oh! Good old-fashioned war

Then the letters ceased to come, for a long time they did not come
They ceased to come for about ten months or more
Then a letter finally came saying, "Go down and meet the train
Your son's a-coming home from the war"

She smiled and went right down, she looked everywhere around
But she could not see her soldier son in sight
But as all the people passed, she saw her son at last
When she did she could hardly believe her eyes

Oh his face was all shot up and his hand was all blown off
And he wore a metal brace around his waist
He whispered kind of slow, in a voice she did not know
While she couldn't even recognize his face

Oh! Lord! Not even recognize his face

"Oh tell me, my darling son, pray tell me what they done
How is it you come to be this way?"
He tried his best to talk but his mouth could hardly move
And the mother had to turn her face away

"Don't you remember, Ma, when I went off to war
You thought it was the best thing I could do?
I was on the battleground, you were home . . . acting proud
You wasn't there standing in my shoes"

"Oh, and I thought when I was there, God, what am I doing here?
I'm a-tryin' to kill somebody or die tryin'
But the thing that scared me most was when my enemy came close
And I saw that his face looked just like mine"

Oh! Lord! Just like mine

"And I couldn't help but think, through the thunder rolling and stink
That I was just a puppet in a play
And through the roar and smoke, this string is finally broke
And a cannon ball blew my eyes away"

As he turned away to walk, his Ma was still in shock
At seein' the metal brace that helped him stand
But as he turned to go, he called his mother close
And he dropped his medals down into her hand/nHe traveled with a gun in every hand
All along this countryside he opened many a door
But he was never known to hurt an honest man

'Twas down in Chaynee County, a time they talk about
With his lady by his side he took a stand
And soon the situation there was all but straightened out
For he was always known to lend a helping hand

All across the telegraph his name, it did resound
But no charge held against him could they prove
And there was no man around who could track or chain him down
He was never known to make a foolish move/nWhile the eyes of the idol with the iron head are glowing.
Distant ships sailing into the mist,
You were born with a snake in both of your fists while a hurricane was blowing. 
Freedom just around the corner for you
But with truth so far off, what good will it do?

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
Bird fly high by the light of the moon,
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

So swiftly the sun sets in the sky,
You rise up and say goodbye to no one.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread,
Both of their futures, so full of dread, you don't show one.
Shedding off one more layer of skin,
Keeping one step ahead of the persecutor within.

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
Bird fly high by the light of the moon,
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

You're a man of the mountains, you can walk on the clouds,
Manipulator of crowds, you're a dream twister.
You're going to Sodom and Gomorrah
But what do you care? Ain't nobody there would want to marry your sister.
Friend to the martyr, a friend to the woman of shame,
You look into the fiery furnace, see the rich man without any name.

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
Bird fly high by the light of the moon,
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

Well, the Book of Leviticus and Deuteronomy,
The law of the jungle and the sea are your only teachers.
In the smoke of the twilight on a milk-white steed,
Michelangelo indeed could've carved out your features.
Resting in the fields, far from the turbulent space,
Half asleep neath the stars with a small dog licking your face.

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
Bird fly high by the light of the moon,
Oh. oh. oh. Jokerman.

Well, the rifleman's stalking the sick and the lame,
Preacherman seeks the same, who'll get there first is uncertain.
Nightsticks and water cannons, tear gas, padlocks,
Molotov cocktails and rocks behind every curtain,
False-hearted judges dying in the webs that they spin,
Only a matter of time 'til night comes steppin' in.

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
Bird fly high by the light of the moon,
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

It's a shadowy world, skies are slippery gray,
A woman just gave birth to a prince today and dressed him in scarlet.
He'll put the priest in his pocket, put the blade to the heat,
Take the motherless children off the street
And place them at the feet of a harlot.
Oh, Jokerman, you know what he wants,
Oh, Jokerman, you don't show any response.

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
Bird fly high by the light of the moon,
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman./nYou make a dead man rise and holler she's the one
Jolene, Jolene
Baby, I am the king and you're the queen

Well, it’s a long old highway that don’t ever end
I got a Saturday Night Special, I’m back again
I’ll sleep by your door, lay my life on the line
You probably don’t know but I’m gonna make you mine
Jolene, Jolene
Baby, I am the king and you is the queen

I keep my hands in my pocket, I’m movin’ along
People think they know, but they’re all wrong
You're something nice, I’m gonna bet my dice
I can’t say I haven't paid the price
Jolene, Jolene
Baby, I am the king and you is the queen

Well, I found out the hard way, I’ve had my fill
You can't fight somebody with his back to a hill
Those big brown eyes, they set off a spark
If you hold me in your arms, things don’t look so dark
Jolene, Jolene
Baby, I am the king and you're the queen/nTonight as I stand inside the rain
Everybody knows that baby's got new clothes
But lately I see her ribbons and her bows
Have fallen from her curls

She takes just like a woman
Yes, she does, she makes love just like a woman
Yes, she does, and she aches just like a woman
But she breaks just like a little girl

Queen Mary, she's my friend
Yes, I believe I'll go see her again
Nobody has to guess that baby can't be blessed
'Til she finally sees that she's like all the rest
With her fog, her amphetamine, and her pearls

She takes just like a woman
Yes, she makes love just like a woman
Yes, she does, and she aches just like a woman
But she breaks just like a little girl

It was raining from the first and I was dying there of thirst
So I came in here
And your long-time curse hurts, but what's worse
Is this pain in here, I can't stay in here, ain't it clear

That I just can't fit
Yes, I believe that it's time for us to quit
But when we meet again, introduced as friends
Please don't let on that you knew me when
I was hungry and it was your world

Ah, you fake just like a woman
Yes, you do, you make love just like a woman
Yes, you do, then you ache just like a woman
But you break just like a little girl/nAnd your gravity falls and negativity don't pull you through
Don't you put on any airs when you're down on Rue Morgue Avenue
They got some hungry women there, and they'll really make a mess outta you

Now if you see Saint Annie, please tell her, "Thanks a lot"
I cannot move, my fingers are all in a knot
I don't have the strength to get up and take another shot
And my best friend, my doctor won't even say what it is I've got

Sweet Melinda, the peasants call her the goddess of gloom
She speaks good English, and she invites you up into her room
And you're so kind and careful not to go to her too soon
And she takes your voice and leaves you howling at the moon

Up on Housing Project Hill, it's either fortune or fame
You must pick one or the other, though neither of them are to be what they claim
If you're lookin' to get silly, you better go back to from where you came
Because the cops don't need you and, man, they expect the same

Now all the authorities, they just stand around and boast
How they blackmailed the sergeant-at-arms into leaving his post
And picking up Angel, who just arrived here from the coast
Who looked so fine at first but left looking just like a ghost

I started out on burgundy but soon hit the harder stuff
Everybody said they'd stand behind me when the game got rough
But the joke was on me, there was nobody even there to bluff
I'm going back to New York City, I do believe I've had enough/nNone/nMy hands have got no gloves
I wish to my soul that I could see
The girl I'm a-thinking of

Don't you remember me babe
I remember you quite well
You caused me to leave old Kingsport Town
With a high sheriff on my trail

High sheriff on my trail, boys
High sheriff on my trail
All because I'm falling for
A curly-headed dark-eyed girl

Who's a-gonna stroke your coal-black hair
And sandy-colored skin
Who's a-gonna kiss your Memphis lips
When I'm out in the wind
When I'm out in the wind, babe
When I'm out in the wind
Who's a-gonna kiss your Memphis mouth
When I'm out in the wind

Who's a-gonna walk you side by side
And tell you everything's alright
Who's a-gonna sing to you all day long
And not just in the night
Who's a-gonna walk you side by side
Who's a-gonna be your man
Who's a-gonna look you straight in the eye
And hold your bad luck hand

Hold your bad-luck hand, babe
Hold your bad-luck hand
Who's a-gonna hold your hard-luck hand
And who's a-gonna be your man

The winter wind is a blowing strong
My hands have got no gloves
I wish to my soul I could see
The girl I'm a-thinking of/nI can't use it anymore
It's gettin' dark, too dark to see
I feel I'm knockin' on Heaven's door

Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door

Mama, put my guns in the ground
I can't shoot them anymore
That long black cloud is comin' down
I feel I'm knockin' on Heaven's door

Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door/nNone/nWhen you think you're too old, too young, too smart or too dumb
When yer laggin' behind an' losin' yer pace
In a slow-motion crawl of life's busy race
No matter what yer doing if you start givin' up
If the wine don't come to the top of yer cup
If the wind's got you sideways with with one hand holdin' on
And the other starts slipping and the feeling is gone
And yer train engine fire needs a new spark to catch it
And the wood's easy findin' but yer lazy to fetch it
And yer sidewalk starts curlin' and the street gets too long
And you start walkin' backwards though you know its wrong
And lonesome comes up as down goes the day
And tomorrow's mornin' seems so far away
And you feel the reins from yer pony are slippin'
And yer rope is a-slidin' 'cause yer hands are a-drippin'
And yer sun-decked desert and evergreen valleys
Turn to broken down slums and trash-can alleys
And yer sky cries water and yer drain pipe's a-pourin'
And the lightnin's a-flashing and the thunder's a-crashin'
And the windows are rattlin' and breakin' and the roof tops a-shakin'
And yer whole world's a-slammin' and bangin'
And yer minutes of sun turn to hours of storm
And to yourself you sometimes say
"I never knew it was gonna be this way
Why didn't they tell me the day I was born"
And you start gettin' chills and yer jumping from sweat
And you're lookin' for somethin' you ain't quite found yet
And yer knee-deep in the dark water with yer hands in the air
And the whole world's a-watchin' with a window peek stare
And yer good gal leaves and she's long gone a-flying
And yer heart feels sick like fish when they're fryin'
And yer jackhammer falls from yer hand to yer feet
And you need it badly but it lays on the street
And yer bell's bangin' loudly but you can't hear its beat
And you think yer ears might a been hurt
Or yer eyes've turned filthy from the sight-blindin' dirt
And you figured you failed in yesterdays rush
When you were faked out an' fooled white facing a four flush
And all the time you were holdin' three queens
And it's makin you mad, it's makin' you mean
Like in the middle of Life magazine
Bouncin' around a pinball machine
And there's something on yer mind you wanna be saying
That somebody someplace oughta be hearin'
But it's trapped on yer tongue and sealed in yer head
And it bothers you badly when your layin' in bed
And no matter how you try you just can't say it
And yer scared to yer soul you just might forget it
And yer eyes get swimmy from the tears in yer head
And yer pillows of feathers turn to blankets of lead
And the lion's mouth opens and yer staring at his teeth
And his jaws start closin with you underneath
And yer flat on your belly with yer hands tied behind
And you wish you'd never taken that last detour sign
And you say to yourself just what am I doin'
On this road I'm walkin', on this trail I'm turnin'
On this curve I'm hanging
On this pathway I'm strolling, in the space I'm taking
In this air I'm inhaling
Am I mixed up too much, am I mixed up too hard
Why am I walking, where am I running
What am I saying, what am I knowing
On this guitar I'm playing, on this banjo I'm frailin'
On this mandolin I'm strummin', in the song I'm singin'
In the tune I'm hummin', in the words I'm writin'
In the words that I'm thinkin'
In this ocean of hours I'm all the time drinkin'
Who am I helping, what am I breaking
What am I giving, what am I taking
But you try with your whole soul best
Never to think these thoughts and never to let
Them kind of thoughts gain ground
Or make yer heart pound
But then again you know why they're around
Just waiting for a chance to slip and drop down
"Cause sometimes you hear'em when the night times comes creeping
And you fear that they might catch you a-sleeping
And you jump from yer bed, from yer last chapter of dreamin'
And you can't remember for the best of yer thinking
If that was you in the dream that was screaming
And you know that it's something special you're needin'
And you know that there's no drug that'll do for the healin'
And no liquor in the land to stop yer brain from bleeding
And you need something special
Yeah, you need something special all right
You need a fast flyin' train on a tornado track
To shoot you someplace and shoot you back
You need a cyclone wind on a stream engine howler
That's been banging and booming and blowing forever
That knows yer troubles a hundred times over
You need a Greyhound bus that don't bar no race
That won't laugh at yer looks
Your voice or your face
And by any number of bets in the book
Will be rollin' long after the bubblegum craze
You need something to open up a new door
To show you something you seen before
But overlooked a hundred times or more
You need something to open your eyes
You need something to make it known
That it's you and no one else that owns
That spot that yer standing, that space that you're sitting
That the world ain't got you beat
That it ain't got you licked
It can't get you crazy no matter how many
Times you might get kicked
You need something special all right
You need something special to give you hope
But hope's just a word
That maybe you said or maybe you heard
On some windy corner 'round a wide-angled curve

But that's what you need man, and you need it bad
And yer trouble is you know it too good
"Cause you look an' you start getting the chills

"Cause you can't find it on a dollar bill
And it ain't on Macy's window sill
And it ain't on no rich kid's road map
And it ain't in no fat kid's fraternity house
And it ain't made in no Hollywood wheat germ
And it ain't on that dimlit stage
With that half-wit comedian on it
Ranting and raving and taking yer money
And you thinks it's funny
No you can't find it in no night club or no yacht club
And it ain't in the seats of a supper club
And sure as hell you're bound to tell
That no matter how hard you rub
You just ain't a-gonna find it on yer ticket stub
No, and it ain't in the rumors people're tellin' you
And it ain't in the pimple-lotion people are sellin' you
And it ain't in no cardboard-box house
Or down any movie star's blouse
And you can't find it on the golf course
And Uncle Remus can't tell you and neither can Santa Claus
And it ain't in the cream puff hair-do or cotton candy clothes
And it ain't in the dime store dummies or bubblegum goons
And it ain't in the marshmallow noises of the chocolate cake voices
That come knockin' and tappin' in Christmas wrappin'
Sayin' ain't I pretty and ain't I cute and look at my skin
Look at my skin shine, look at my skin glow
Look at my skin laugh, look at my skin cry
When you can't even sense if they got any insides
These people so pretty in their ribbons and bows
No you'll not now or no other day
Find it on the doorsteps made out-a paper mache?
And inside it the people made of molasses
That every other day buy a new pair of sunglasses
And it ain't in the fifty-star generals and flipped-out phonies
Who'd turn yuh in for a tenth of a penny
Who breathe and burp and bend and crack
And before you can count from one to ten
Do it all over again but this time behind yer back
My friend
The ones that wheel and deal and whirl and twirl
And play games with each other in their sand-box world
And you can't find it either in the no-talent fools
That run around gallant
And make all rules for the ones that got talent
And it ain't in the ones that ain't got any talent but think they do
And think they're foolin' you
The ones who jump on the wagon
Just for a while 'cause they know it's in style
To get their kicks, get out of it quick
And make all kinds of rnoney and chicks
And you yell to yourself and you throw down yer hat
Sayin', "Christ do I gotta be like that
Ain't there no one here that knows where I'm at
Ain't there no one here that knows how I feel
Good God Almighty
THAT STUFF AIN'T REAL"

No but that ain't yer game, it ain't even yer race
You can't hear yer name, you can't see yer face
You gotta look some other place
And where do you look for this hope that yer seekin'
Where do you look for this lamp that's a-burnin'
Where do you look for this oil well gushin'
Where do you look for this candle that's glowin'
Where do you look for this hope that you know is there
And out there somewhere
And your feet can only walk down two kinds of roads
Your eyes can only look through two kinds of windows
Your nose can only smell two kinds of hallways
You can touch and twist
And turn two kinds of doorknobs
You can either go to the church of your choice
Or you can go to Brooklyn State Hospital
You'll find God in the church of your choice
You'll find Woody Guthrie in Brooklyn State Hospital

And though it's only my opinion
I may be right or wrong
You'll find them both
In the Grand Canyon
At sundown/nLay down the song you strum,
And rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
No voice can hope to hum.

Struck by the sounds before the sun,
I knew the night had gone.
The morning breeze like a bugle blew
Against the drums of dawn.
Lay down your weary tune, lay down,
Lay down the song you strum,
And rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
No voice can hope to hum.

The ocean wild like an organ played,
The seaweed's wove its strands.
The crashin' waves like cymbals clashed
Against the rocks and sands.
Lay down your weary tune, lay down,
Lay down the song you strum,
And rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
No voice can hope to hum.

I stood unwound beneath the skies
And clouds unbound by laws.
The cryin' rain like a trumpet sang
And asked for no applause.
Lay down your weary tune, lay down,
Lay down the song you strum,
And rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
No voice can hope to hum.

The last of leaves fell from the trees
And clung to a new love's breast.
The branches bare like a banjo played
To the winds that listened best.

I gazed down in the river's mirror
And watched its winding strum.
The water smooth ran like a hymn
And like a harp did hum.
Lay down your weary tune, lay down,
Lay down the song you strum,
And rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
No voice can hope to hum./nLay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
Whatever colors you have in your mind
I'll show them to you and you'll see them shine

Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile
Until the break of day, let me see you make him smile
His clothes are dirty but his hands are clean
And you're the best thing that he's ever seen

Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile
Why wait any longer for the world to begin?
You can have your cake and eat it too
Why wait any longer for the one you love?
When he's standing in front of you

Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
Stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead
I long to see you in the morning light
I long to reach for you in the night
Stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead/nNone/nNever did get any Golden Globe award, never made it to Synanon
He was an outlaw, that's for sure
More of an outlaw than you ever were
Lenny Bruce is gone but his spirit's livin' on and on

Maybe he had some problems, maybe some things that he couldn't work out
But he sure was funny and he sure told the truth and he knew what he was talkin'
about. Never robbed any churches nor cut off any babies' heads
He just took the folks in high places and he shined a light in their face
He's on some other shore, he didn't wanna live anymore

Lenny Bruce is dead but he didn't commit any crime
He just had the insight to rip off the lid before its time
I rode with him in a taxi once, only for a mile and a half
Seemed like it took a couple of months
Lenny Bruce moved on and the ones that killed him, are gone

They said that he was sick 'cause he didn't play by the rules
He just showed the wise men of his day to be nothing more than fools
They stamped him and they labeled him like they do with pants and shirts
He fought a war on a battlefield where every victory hurts
Lenny Bruce was bad, he was the brother that you never had/nYes, I see you got your brand new, leopard-skin pill-box hat
Well, you must tell me, baby, how your head feels under somethin' like that
Under your brand new, leopard-skin pill-box hat

Well, you look so pretty in it, honey, can I jump on it sometime?
Yes, I just wanna see if it's really the expensive kind
You know it balances on your head just like a mattress balances on a bottle of wine
Your brand new, leopard-skin pill-box hat

Well, if you wanna see the sun rise, honey, I know where
We'll go out and see it sometime, we'll both just sit there and stare
Me with my belt wrapped around my head and you just sittin' there
In your brand new, leopard-skin pill-box hat

Well, I asked the doctor if I could see you, it's bad for your health, he said
Yes, I disobeyed his orders, I came to see you, but I found him there instead
You know, I don't mind him cheatin' on me, but I sure wish he'd take that off his head
Your brand new, leopard-skin pill-box hat

Well, I see you got a new boyfriend, no, I never seen him before
Well, I saw you makin' love with him, you forgot to close the garage door
You might think he loves you for your money, but I know what he really loves you for
It's your brand new, leopard-skin pill-box hat/n'Cause somebody tells me that death's comin' 'round
An' I will not carry myself down to die
When I go to my grave my head will be high
Let me die in my footsteps
Before I go down under the ground

There's been rumors of war and wars that have been
The meaning of the life has been lost in the wind
And some people thinkin' that the end is close by
'Stead of learnin' to live they are learning to die
Let me die in my footsteps
Before I go down under the ground

I don't know if I'm smart but I think I can see
When someone is pullin' the wool over me
And if this war comes and death's all around
Let me die on this land 'fore I die underground
Let me die in my footsteps
Before I go down under the ground

There's always been people that have to cause fear
They've been talking of the war now for many long years
I have read all their statements and I've not said a word
But now Lawd God, let my poor voice be heard
Let me die in my footsteps
Before I go down under the ground

If I had rubies and riches and crowns
I'd buy the whole world and change things around
I'd throw all the guns and the tanks in the sea
For they are mistakes of a past history
Let me die in my footsteps
Before I go down under the ground

Let me drink from the waters where the mountain streams flood
Let me smell of wildflowers flow free through my blood
Let me sleep in your meadows with the green grassy leaves
Let me walk down the highway with my brother in peace
Let me die in my footsteps
Before I go down under the ground

Go out in your country where the land meets the sun
See the craters and the canyons where the waterfalls run
Nevada, New Mexico, Arizona, Idaho
Let every state in this union seep in your souls
And you'll die in your footsteps
Before you go down under the ground/nNone/nIf it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
Everybody saying this is a day only the Lord could make

Well, I worked on the levee, Mama, both night and day
I worked on the levee, Mama, both night and day
I got to the river and I threw my clothes away

I paid my time and now I'm as good as new
I paid my time and now I'm as good as new
They can't take me back unless I want 'em to

If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
Some of these people gonna strip you of all they can take

I can't stop here I ain't ready to unload
I can't stop here I ain't ready to unload
Riches and salvation can be waiting behind the next bend in the road

I picked you up from the gutter and this is the thanks I get
I picked you up from the gutter and this is the thanks I get
You say you want me to quit ya, I told ya, 

Well, I look in your eyes, I see nobody other than me
I look in your eyes, I see nobody other than me
I see all that I am and all I hope to be

If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
Some of these people don't know which road to take

When I'm with you, I forget I was ever blue
When I'm with you, I forget I was ever blue
Without you there's no meaning in anything I do

Some people on the road carryin' everything that they own
Some people on the road carryin' everything they own
Some people got barely enough skin to cover their bones

Put on your cat clothes, mama, put on your evening dress
Put on your cat clothes, mama, put on your evening dress
Few more years of hard work, then there'll be a 1,000 years of happiness

If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
I tried to get you to love me, but I won't repeat that mistake

If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
Plenty of cheap stuff out there and still around that you take

I woke up this morning, butter and eggs in my bed
I woke up this morning, butter and eggs in my bed
I ain't got enough room to even raise my head

Come back, baby, say we never more will part
Come back, baby, say we never more will part
Don't be a stranger with no brain or heart

If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
If it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
Some people still sleepin', some people are wide awake/nAnd if things don't change soon, he will.
For man has invented his doom,
First step was touching the moon.

Now, there's a woman on my block,
She just sit there as the night grows still.
She say who gonna take away his license to kill?

Now, they take him and they teach him and they groom him for life
And they set him on a path where he's bound to get ill,
Then they bury him with stars,
Sell his body like they do used cars.

Now, there's a woman on my block,
She just sit there facin' the hill.
She say who gonna take away his license to kill?

Now, he's hell-bent for destruction, he's afraid and confused,
And his brain has been mismanaged with great skill.
All he believes are his eyes
And his eyes, they just tell him lies.

But there's a woman on my block,
Sitting there in a cold chill.
She say who gonna take away his license to kill?

May be a noisemaker, spirit maker,
Heartbreaker, backbreaker,
Leave no stone unturned.
May be an actor in a plot,
That might be all that you got
'Til your error you clearly learn.

Now he worships at an altar of a stagnant pool
And when he sees his reflection, he's fulfilled.
Oh, man is opposed to fair play,
He wants it all and he wants it his way.

Now, there's a woman on my block,
She just sit there as the night grows still.
She say who gonna take away his license to kill?/nI've lost the way and will
Can’t tell you where they went
I just know what they meant

I’m always on my guard
Admitting life is hard
Without you near me

The friend you used to be
So near and dear to me
You slipped so far away
Where did we go astray?

I passed the old school yard
Admitting life is hard
Without you near me

Ever since the day
The day you went away
I felt that emptiness so wide
I don’t know what's wrong or right
I just know I need strength to fight
Strength to fight that world outside

Since we've been out of touch
I haven't felt that much
From day to barren day
My heart stays locked away

I walk the boulevard
Admitting life is hard
Without you near me

The sun is sinking low
I guess it's time to go
I feel a chilly breeze
In place of memories

My dreams are locked and barred
Admitting life is hard
Without you near me

Hmmm, without you near me/nNone/nYou threw the bums a dime in your prime
Didn't you?
People'd call, say: "Beware, doll, you're bound to fall"
You thought they were all
Kiddin' you

You used to laugh about
Everybody that was hanging out
Now you don't talk so loud
Now you don't seem so proud
About having to be scrounging
For your next meal

How does it feel?
How does it feel
To be without a home
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?

Oh, you've gone to the finest school, alright, miss lonely
But you know you only used to get
Juiced in it
Nobody's ever taught you how to live out on the street
And now you're gonna have to get
Used to it

You say you'd never compromise
With the mystery tramp, but now you realize
He's not selling any alibis
As you stare into the vacuum of his eyes
And say: "Do you want to
Make a deal?"

How does it feel?
How does it feel
To be on your own
With no direction home
A complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?

Oh, you never turned around to see the frowns
On the jugglers and the clowns when they all did
Tricks for you
You never understood that it ain't no good
You shouldn't let other people get your
Kicks for you

You used to ride on the chrome horse with your diplomat
Who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat
Ain't it hard when you discover that
He really wasn't where it's at
After he took from you everything
He could steal?

How does it feel?
How does it feel
To hang on your home
With no direction home
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?

Princess on the steeple and all the pretty people
They're all drinking thinking that they
Got it made
Exchanging all their precious gifts
But you'd better take your diamond ring
You'd better pawn it, baby

You used to be so amused
At Napoleon in rags and the language that he used
Go to him now, he calls you, you can't refuse
When you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose
You're invisible now, you got no secrets
To conceal

How does it feel?
How does it feel
To be on your own
With no direction home
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?/nNone/nThe cabaret was quiet except for the drillin' in the wall.
The curfew had been lifted and the gamblin' wheel shut down,
Anyone who had any sense had already left town.
He was standin' in the doorway lookin' like the Jack of Hearts.

He moved across the mirrored room, "Set it up for everyone," he said,
Then everyone commenced to do what they were doin' before he turned their heads. 
Then he walked up to a stranger and he asked him with a grin,
"Could you kindly tell me, friend, what time the show begins?"
Then he moved into the corner, face down like the Jack of Hearts.

Backstage the girls were playin' five-card stud by the stairs,
Lily had two queens, she was hopin' for a third to match her pair.
Outside the streets were fillin' up, the window was open wide,
A gentle breeze was blowin', you could feel it from inside.
Lily called another bet and drew up the Jack of Hearts.

Big Jim was no one's fool, he owned the town's only diamond mine,
He made his usual entrance lookin' so dandy and so fine.
With his bodyguards and silver cane and every hair in place,
He took whatever he wanted to and he laid it all to waste.
But his bodyguards and silver cane were no match for the Jack of Hearts.

Rosemary combed her hair and took a carriage into town,
She slipped in through the side door lookin' like a queen without a crown.
She fluttered her false eyelashes and whispered in his ear,
"Sorry, darlin', that I'm late," but he didn't seem to hear.
He was starin' into space over at the Jack of Hearts.

"I know I've seen that face somewhere," Big Jim was thinkin' to himself,
"Maybe down in Mexico or a picture up on somebody's shelf."
But then the crowd began to stamp their feet and the house lights did dim
And in the darkness of the room there was only Jim and him,
Starin' at the butterfly who just drew the Jack of Hearts.

Lily was a princess, she was fair-skinned and precious as a child,
She did whatever she had to do, she had that certain flash every time she smiled. 
She had come away from a broken home, had lots of strange affairs
With men in every walk of life which took her everywhere.
But she'd never met anyone quite like the Jack of Hearts.

The hangin' judge came in unnoticed and was being wined and dined,
The drillin' in the wall kept up but no one seemed to pay it any mind.
It was known all around that Lily had Jim's ring
And nothing would ever come between Lily and the king.
No, nothin' ever would except maybe the Jack of Hearts.

Rosemary started drinkin' hard and seein' her reflection in the knife,
She was tired of the attention, tired of playin' the role of Big Jim's wife.
She had done a lot of bad things, even once tried suicide,
Was lookin' to do just one good deed before she died.
She was gazin' to the future, riding on the Jack of Hearts.

Lily took her dress off and buried it away.
"Has your luck run out?" she laughed at him, "Well, I guess you must
have known it would someday.
Be careful not to touch the wall, there's a brand-new coat of paint,
I'm glad to see you're still alive, you're lookin' like a saint."
Down the hallway footsteps were comin' for the Jack of Hearts.

The backstage manager was pacing all around by his chair.
"There's something funny going on," he said, "I can just feel it in the air."
He went to get the hangin' judge, but the hangin' judge was drunk,
As the leading actor hurried by in the costume of a monk.
There was no actor anywhere better than the Jack of Hearts.

No one knew the circumstance but they say that it happened pretty quick,
The door to the dressing room burst open and a Colt revolver clicked.
And Big Jim was standin' there, ya couldn't say surprised,
Rosemary right beside him, steady in her eyes.
She was with Big Jim but she was leanin' to the Jack of Hearts.

Two doors down the boys finally made it through the wall
And cleaned out the bank safe, it's said they got off with quite a haul.
In the darkness by the riverbed they waited on the ground
For one more member who had business back in town.
But they couldn't go no further without the Jack of Hearts.

The next day was hangin' day, the sky was overcast and black,
Big Jim lay covered up, killed by a penknife in the back.
And Rosemary on the gallows, she didn't even blink,
The hangin' judge was sober, he hadn't had a drink.
The only person on the scene missin' was the Jack of Hearts.

The cabaret was empty now, a sign said, "Closed for repair,"
Lily had already taken all of the dye out of her hair.
She was thinkin' 'bout her father, who she very rarely saw,
Thinkin' 'bout Rosemary and thinkin' about the law.
But, most of all she was thinkin' 'bout the Jack of Hearts./nNone/nI've been walking around
With my head bowed down to my shoes.
I've been living the blues
Every night without you.

I don't have to go far
To know where you are,
Strangers all give me the news.
I've been living the blues
Every night without you.

I think that it's best,
I soon get some rest
And forget my pride.
But I can't deny
This feeling that I
Carry for you deep down inside.

If you see me this way,
You'd come back and you'd stay,
Oh, how could you refuse.
I've been living the blues
Every night without you/nI never felt so good.
My woman said she'd meet me there
And of course, I knew she would.
The coachman, he hit me for my hook
And he asked me my name.
I gave it to him right away,
Then I hung my head in shame.

Lo and behold! Lo and behold!
Lookin' for my lo and behold,
Get me out of here, my dear man!

I come into Pittsburgh
At six-thirty flat.
I found myself a vacant seat
And I put down my hat.
"What's the matter, Molly dear,
What's the matter with your mound?"
"What's it to you, Moby Dick?
This is chicken town!"

Lo and behold! Lo and behold!
Lookin' for my lo and behold,
Get me out of here, my dear man!

I bought myself a herd of moose,
One she could call her own.
Well, she came out the very next day
To see where they had flown.
I'm goin' down to Tennessee,
Get me a truck or somethin'.
Gonna save my money and rip it up!

Lo and behold! Lo and behold!
Lookin' for my lo and behold,
Get me out of here, my dear man!

Now, I come in on a ferris wheel
And boys, I sure was slick.
I come in like a ton of bricks,
Laid a few tricks on 'em.
Goin' back to Pittsburgh,
Count up to thirty,
Round that horn and ride that herd,
Gonna thread up!

Lo and behold! Lo and behold!
Lookin' for my lo and behold,
Get me out of here, my dear man!/nNone/nYeah, today has been a sad and lonesome day
I'm just sitting here thinking with my mind a million miles away

Well, they're doing the double shuffle, throwing sand on the floor
They're doing the double shuffle, they're throwing sand on the floor
When I left my longtime darling, she was standing in the door

Well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war
Well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war
My sister, she ran off and got married, never was heard of anymore

Samantha Brown lived in my house for 'bout four or five months
Samantha Brown lived in my house for 'bout four or five months
Don't know how it looked to other people, I never slept with her even once

Well the road washed out, weather not fit for man or beast
Well the road's washed out, weather not fit for man or beast
Funny, the things you have the hardest time parting with are the things you need the least

Well, I'm forty miles from the mill, I'm dropping it into overdrive
I'm forty miles from the mill, I'm dropping it into overdrive
Set my dial on the radio I wish my mother was still alive

I seen your lover man comin', comin' across the barren fields
I see your lover man comin', comin' 'cross the barren fields
He not a gentleman at all, he's rotten to the core, he's a coward and he steals

Well my captain, he's decorated, he's well-schooled and he's skilled
My captain, he's decorated, he's well-schooled and he's skilled
He's not sentimental, don't bother him at all; how many of his pals have been killed

Last night the wind was whispering, I was trying to make out what it was
Last night the wind was whispering something, I was trying to make out what it was
Yeah I tell myself something's coming, but it never does

I'm going to spare the defeated, I'm going to speak to the crowd
I'm going to spare the defeated, 'cause I'm going to speak to the crowd
I'm going to teach peace to the conquered, I'm going to tame the proud

Well, the leaves are rustling in the wood, things are falling off of the shelf
Leaves are rustling in the wood, things are falling off the shelf
You're gonna need my help sweetheart, you can't make love all by yourself/nWith a cane that he twirled around his diamond ring finger
At a Baltimore hotel society gatherin'
And the cops were called in and his weapon took from him

As they rode him in custody down to the station
And booked William Zanzinger for first-degree murder
Oh, you who philosophize disgrace, and criticize all fears
Take the rag away from your face, now ain't the time for your tears

William Zanzinger, who at twenty-four years owns a tobacco farm of six hundred acres
With rich, wealthy parents who provide and protect him
And high office relations in the politics of Maryland
Reacted to his deed with a shrug of his shoulders

And swear words and sneering, and his tongue, it was a-snarling
And in a manner of minutes, on bail was out walking
But you who philosophize disgrace, and criticize all fears
Take the rag away from your face, now ain't the time for your tears

Hattie Carroll was a maid in the kitchen
She was fifty-one years old and gave birth to ten children
Who carried the dishes and took out the garbage
And never sat once at the head of the table

And didn't even talk to the people at the table
Who just cleaned up all the food from the table
And emptied the ashtrays on a whole other level
Got killed by a blow, lay slain by a cane

Doomed and determined to destroy all the gentle
And she never did nothing to William Zanzinger
And you who philosophize disgrace, and criticize all fears
Take the rag away from your face, now ain't the time for your tears

In the courtroom of honor, the judge pounded his gavel
To show that all's equal and that the courts are on the level
And that the strings in the books ain't pulled and persuaded
And that even the nobles get properly handled

Once that the cops have chased after and caught 'em
And that the ladder of law has no top and no bottom
Stared at the person who killed for no reason
Who just happened to be feelin' that way without warnin'

And he spoke through his cloak, most deep and distinguished
And handed out strongly, for penalty and repentance, William Zanzinger with a six-months entence
Oh, you who philosophize disgrace, and criticize all fears
Bury the rag deep in your face, now's the time for your tears/nOh, what might be the cost
A man he did it long ago
And they hung him on a cross

Long ago, far away
These things don't happen
No more, nowadays

The chains of slaves
They dragged the ground
With heads and hearts hung low
But it was during Lincoln's time
And it was long ago

Long ago, far away
Those things like that don't happen
No more, nowadays, do they?

The war guns they went off wild
The whole world bled its blood
Men's bodies rotted on the ground
As the graves are made of mud

Long ago, far away
Those kind of things don't happen
No more, nowadays

One man had much money
One man had not enough to eat
One man, he lived just like a king
The other man begged on the street

Long ago, far away
Things like that don't happen
No more, nowadays

One man died of a knife so sharp
One man died from the bullet of a gun
One man died of a broken heart
To see the lynchin' of his son

Long ago, far away
Things like that don't happen
No more, nowadays

Gladiators killed themselves
It was during the Roman times
People cheered with bloodshot grins
As eye and minds went blind

Long ago, far away
Things like that don't happen
No more, nowadays

And to talk of peace and brotherhood
Oh, what might be the cost
A man he did it long ago
And they hung him on a cross

Long ago, far away
Things like that don't happen
No more, nowadays, do they?/nSince we loved each other and our hearts were true
One time for one brief day, I was the man for you

Last night I heard you talkin' in your sleep
Saying things you shouldn't say, oh baby
You just might have to go to jail someday

Is there a place we can go?
Is there anybody we can see?
Maybe it's the same for you as it is for me

I ain't seen my family in twenty years
That ain't easy to understand, they may be dead by now
I lost track of 'em after they lost their land

Shake it up baby, twist and shout
You know what it's all about
What are you doing out there in the sun anyway?
Don't you know the sun can burn your brains right out

My enemy crashed into the dust
Stopped dead in his tracks and he lost his lust
He was run down hard and he broke apart
He died in shame, he had an iron heart

I wear dark glasses to cover my eyes
There are secrets in 'em that I can't disguise
Come back, baby, if I hurt your feelings, I apologize

Two trains running side by side
Forty miles wide, down the Eastern line
You don't have to go, I just came to you because you're a friend of mine

I think that when my back was turned
The whole world behind me burned
It's been a while since we walked down that long, long aisle

We cried on a cold and frosty morn
We cried because our souls were torn
So much for tears, so much for these long and wasted years/nMy parents raised me tenderly, I was their only son;
My mind got mixed with wanderin' when I was much too young
Was just a kid of thirteen years when I first left my home;
Been a long time comin', Ma, I'll be a long time gone

On a road through south New Mexico, in the dust and rolling sage
I thought I'd try to find some work, but they said I was young of age
My eyes, they burned, when I heard, "Go home where you belong.??
Been a long time comin' and I'll be a long time gone

Many times by the highway side I tried to flag a ride
With bloodshot eyes and gritting teeth, I'd watch the cars roll by
In the empty air, my only guide, I traveled on alone
Been a long time comin' and I'll be a long time gone

You might see me on your crossroads, when I'll be passing through
And dream you'll one day follow as I drift beyond your view
Destined for a journey that will never lead me home—
Been a long time comin' and I'll be a long time gone

If I could help one drifter on this long, relentless road
I'd warn him of its random ways and the dangers it might hold
But I know I ain't no prophet and I ain't no prophet's son—
Just a long time comin' and I'll be a long time gone

So you can have your beauty when skin-deep, it only lies
And you can have your youthhood, it will fade before your eyes
When my roving days are through, just carve upon my stone:
"Been a long time comin' and I'll be a long time gone.??/nPlace this call, it's not for fun.
Long-distance operator,
Please, place this call, you know it's not for fun.
I gotta get a message to my baby,
You know, she's not just anyone.

There are thousands in the phone booth,
Thousands at the gate.
There are thousands in the phone booth,
Thousands at the gate.
Ev'rybody wants to make a long-distance call
But you know they're just gonna have to wait.

If a call comes from Louisiana,
Please, let it ride.
If a call comes from Louisiana,
Please, let it ride.
This phone booth's on fire,
It's getting hot inside.

Ev'rybody wants to be my friend,
But nobody wants to get higher.
Ev'rybody wants to be my friend,
But nobody wants to get higher.
Long-distance operator,
I believe I'm stranglin' on this telephone wire./nHe's got his mother's eyes
There's gladness in his heart
He's young and he's wild
My only prayer is, if I can't be there,
Lord, protect my child

As his youth now unfolds
He is centuries old
Just to see him at play makes me smile
No matter what happens to me
No matter what my destiny
Lord, protect my child

While the world is asleep
You can look at it and weep
Few things you find are worthwhile
And though I don't ask for much
No material things to touch
Lord, protect my child

He's young and on fire
Full of hope and desire
In a world that's been raped, raped and defiled
If I fall along the way
And can't see another day
Lord, protect my child

There'll be a time I hear tell
When all will be well
When God and man will be reconciled
But until men lose their chains
And righteousness reigns
Lord, protect my child/nNone/nWithout ideals or violence
She doesn't have to say she's faithful
Yet she's true like ice, like fire
People carry roses
And make promises by the hours
My love, she laughs like the flowers
Valentines can't buy her

In the dime stores and bus stations
People talk of situations
Read books, repeat quotations
Draw conclusions on the wall
Some speak of the future
My love, she speaks softly
She knows there's no success like failure
And that failure's no success at all

The cloak and dagger dangles
Madams light the candles
In ceremonies of the horsemen
Even the pawn must hold a grudge
Statues made of matchsticks
Crumble into one another
My love winks, she does not bother
She knows too much to argue or to judge

The bridge at midnight trembles
The country doctor rambles
Banker's nieces seek perfection
Expecting all the gifts that wise men bring
The wind howls like a hammer
And the night blows rainy
My love, she's like some raven
At my window with a broken wing/nNone/nWalking, walking with you in my head
My feet are so tired, my brain is so wired
And the clouds are weeping

Did I hear someone tell a lie?
Did I hear someone's distant cry?
I spoke like a child, you destroyed me with a smile
While I was sleeping

I'm sick of love
But I'm in the thick of it
This kind of love
I'm so sick of it

I see, I see lovers in the meadow
I see, I see silhouettes in the window
I watch them till they're gone and they leave me hanging on
To a shadow

I'm sick of love
I hear the clock tick
This kind of love
I'm love sick

Sometimes the silence can be like the thunder
Sometimes I wanna take to the road and plunder
Could you ever be true? I think of you
And I wonder

I'm sick of love
I wish I'd never met you
I'm sick of love
I'm trying to forget you

Just don't know what to do
I'd give anything to
Be with you/nNone/nNo, I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more

Well, I wake up in the morning, fold my hands and pray for rain
I got a head full of ideas that are drivin' me insane
It's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more

Well, he hands you a nickel, he hands you a dime
He asks you with a grin if you're havin' a good time
Then he fines you every time you slam the door
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more

Well, he puts his cigar out in your face just for kicks
His bedroom window, it is made out of bricks
The National Guard stands around his door
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more

Well, she talks to all the servants about man and God and law
Everybody says she's the brains behind pa
She's sixty-eight, but she says she's fifty-four
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more

I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more

Well, I try my best to be just like I am
But everybody wants you to be just like them
They say sing while you slave and I just get bored
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more/n/nAnd the whole world is on your case
I could offer you a warm embrace
To make you feel my love

When the evening shadows and the stars appear
And there is no one there to dry your tears
I could hold you for a million years
To make you feel my love

I know you haven't made your mind up yet
But I would never do you wrong
I've known it from the moment that we met
No doubt in my mind where you belong

I'd go hungry, I'd go black and blue
I'd go crawling down the avenue
No, there's nothing that I wouldn't do
To make you feel my love

The storms are raging on the rollin' sea
And on the highway of regret
The winds of change are blowing wild and free
You ain't seen nothing like me yet

I could make you happy, make your dreams come true
Nothing that I wouldn't do
Go to the ends of the earth for you
To make you feel my love/nAn' cov'rin' the crossroads I'm standing at
Or maybe it's the weather or something like that
But mama, you been on my mind

I don't mean trouble, please, don't put me down or get upset
I am not pleadin' or sayin' I can't forget you
I do not pace the floor bowed down an' bent, but yet
Mama, you been on my mind

Even though my eyes are hazy an' my thoughts they might be narrow
Where you been don't bother me or bring me down in sorrow
I don't even mind who you'll be waking with tomorrow
Mama, you're just on my mind

I am not askin' you to say words like yes or no
Please understand me, I've no place I'm calling you t'go
I'm just whisperin' to myself, so I can't pretend that I don't know
Mama, you are on my mind

When you wake up in the mornin', baby, look inside your mirror
You know I won't be next to you, you know I won't be near
I'd just be curious to know if you can see yourself as clear
As someone who has had you on his mind/nIn the beginning, in the beginning.
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.

He saw an animal that liked to growl,
Big furry paws and he liked to howl,
Great big furry back and furry hair.
"Ah, think I'll call it a bear."

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning.
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.

He saw an animal up on a hill
Chewing up so much grass until she was filled.
He saw milk comin' out but he didn't know how.
"Ah, think I'll call it a cow."

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning.
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.

He saw an animal that liked to snort,
Horns on his head and they weren't too short.
It looked like there wasn't nothin' that he couldn't pull.
"Ah, think I'll call it a bull."

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning.
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.

He saw an animal leavin' a muddy trail,
Real dirty face and a curly tail.
He wasn't too small and he wasn't too big.
"Ah, think I'll call it a pig."

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning.
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.

Next animal that he did meet
Had wool on his back and hooves on his feet,
Eating grass on a mountainside so steep.
"Ah, think I'll call it a sheep."

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning.
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.

He saw an animal as smooth as glass
Slithering his way through the grass.
Saw him disappear by a tree near a lake . . ./nAnd as for compensation, there's a-little he would ask
Take a woman like you
To get through to the man in me

Storm clouds are raging all around my door
I think to myself I might not take it any more
Take a woman like your kind
To find the man in me

But, oh, what a wonderful feeling
Just to know that you are near
It sets my a heart a-reeling
From my toes up to my ears

The man in me will hide sometimes to keep from bein' seen
But that's just because he doesn't wanna turn into some machine
Took a woman like you
To get through to the man in me/nThere's a soft cotton dress on the line hanging dry
The window's wide open, African trees
Bent over backwards from a hurricane breeze
Not a word of goodbye, not even a note
She gone with the man in the long black coat

Somebody seen him hanging around
At the old dance hall on the outskirts of town
He looked into her eyes when she stopped him to ask
If he wanted to dance, he had a face like a mask
Somebody said from the Bible he'd quote
There was dust on the man in the long black coat

Preacher was a talking, there's a sermon he gave
He said every man's conscience is vile and depraved
You cannot depend on it to be your guide
When it's you who must keep it satisfied
It ain't easy to swallow, it sticks in the throat
She gave her heart to the man in the long black coat

There are no mistakes in life some people say
It is true sometimes you can see it that way
But people don't live or die, people just float
She went with the man in the long black coat

There's smoke on the water, it's a-been there since June
Tree trunks uprooted, 'neath the high crescent moon
Feel the pulse and vibration and the rumbling force
Somebody is out there beating the dead horse
She never said nothing there was nothing she wrote
She gone with the man in the long black coat/nThe band is playing "Dixie," a man got his hand outstretched.
Could be the Fuhrer
Could be the local priest.
You know sometime
Satan you know he come as a man of peace.

He got a sweet gift of gab, he got a harmonious tongue,
Know every song of love that ever has been sung.
Good intentions can be evil,
Both hands can be full of grease.
You know that sometimes Satan comes as a man of peace.

Well, first he's in the background, then he's in the front,
Both eyes are looking like they're on a rabbit hunt.
Nobody can see through him,
No, not even the Chief of Police.
You know that sometimes Satan come as a man of peace.

Well, he catch you when you're hoping for a glimpse of the sun,
Catch you when your troubles feel like they weigh a ton.
He could be standing next to you,
The person that you'd notice least.
I hear that sometimes Satan come as a man of peace.

Well, he can be fascinating, he can be dull,
He can ride down Niagara Falls in the barrels of your skull.
I can smell something cooking,
I can tell there's going to be a feast.
You know that sometimes Satan will come as a man of peace.

He's a great humanitarian, he's a great philanthropist,
He knows just where to touch you, honey, and how you like to be kissed.
He'll put both his arms around you,
You can feel the tender touch of the beast.
You know sometimes Satan will come as a man of peace.

Well, the howling wolf will howl tonight, the king snake will crawl,
Trees that've stood for a thousand years suddenly will fall.
Wanna get married? Do it now,
Tomorrow all activity will cease.
You know that sometimes Satan come as a man of peace.

Somewhere Mama's weeping for her blue-eyed boy,
She's holding them little white shoes and that little broken toy
And he's following a star,
The same one them three men followed from the East.
I hear sometimes Satan come as a man of peace./n'Bout an old man who never done wrong.
How he died nobody can say,
They found him dead in the street one day.

Well, the crowd, they gathered one fine morn,
At the man whose clothes 'n' shoes were torn.
There on the sidewalk he did lay,
They stopped 'n' stared 'n' walked their way.

Well, the p'liceman come and he looked around,
"Get up, old man, or I'm a-takin' you down."
He jabbed him once with his billy club
And the old man then rolled off the curb.

Well, he jabbed him again and loudly said,
"Call the wagon; this man is dead."
The wagon come, they loaded him in,
I never saw the man again.

I've sung you my song, it ain't very long,
'Bout an old man who never done wrong.
How he died no one can say,
They found him dead in the street one day./nI knew nobody would look for me there
Sorrow and pity rule the earth and the skies
Looking for nothin' in anyone's eyes

Once I had a pretty gal, did me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Snow flakes are fallin' around my head
Lord have mercy, it feel heavy like lead
I been hit too hard, seen too much
Nothing can heal me now but your touch

Once I had a pretty gal, she did me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Loneliness got a mind of its own
The more people around, the more you feel alone
I'm chained to the earth like a silent slave
Trying to break free out of death's dark cave

Once I had a pretty gal, done me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Boys in the street beginnin' to play
Girls like birds flyin' away
I'm carryin' the roses that were given to me
And I'm thinkin' about paradise wonderin' where it might be

Once I had a pretty gal, she done me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Go over to London, maybe gay Paris
Follow the river you get to the sea
I was hopin' we could drink from life's clear streams
I was hopin' we could dream life's pleasant dreams

Once I had a pretty gal, but she done me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Well the weak get weaker and the strong stay strong
The train keeps rollin' all night long
She looked at me with an irresistable glance
With a smile that could make all the planets dance

Once I had a pretty gal, she did me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

My house is on fire, burnin' to the skies
I thought the rain clouds, but the clouds passed by
When I'm gone you'll remember my name
I'm gonna win my way to wealth and fame

Once I had a pretty gal, but she did me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long/nNone/nNone/nYou that build the big guns
You that build the death planes
You that build all the bombs

You that hide behind walls
You that hide behind desks
I just want you to know I can see through your masks

You that never done nothin'
But build to destroy
You play with my world
Like it's your little toy

You put a gun in my hand
And you hide from my eyes
And you turn and run farther when the fast bullets fly

Like Judas of old
You lie and deceive
A world war can be won
You want me to believe
But I see through your eyes
And I see through your brain
Like I see through the water that runs down my drain

You fasten all the triggers
For the others to fire
Then you sit back and watch
While the death count gets higher

You hide in your mansion
While the young peoples' blood
Flows out of their bodies and is buried in the mud

You've thrown the worst fear
That can ever be hurled
Fear to bring children
Into the world

For threatenin' my baby
Unborn and unnamed
You ain't worth the blood that runs in your veins

How much do I know
To talk out of turn?
You might say that I'm young
You might say I'm unlearned

But there's one thing I know
Though I'm younger than you
That even Jesus would never forgive what you do

Let me ask you one question
Is your money that good?
Will it buy you forgiveness?
Do you think that it could?

I think you will find
When your death takes its toll
All the money you made will never buy back your soul

And I hope that you die
And your death will come soon
I'll follow your casket
On a pale afternoon

I'll watch while you're lowered
Down to your deathbed
And I'll stand over your grave till I'm sure that you're dead/nNone/nWhen you've lost everything you'll have nothing left to hide
When you're through running over things like you're walking 'cross the tracks
Maybe you'll beg me to take you back

Maybe someday you'll find out everybody's somebody's fool
Maybe then you'll realize what it would have taken to keep me cool
Maybe someday when you're by yourself alone
You'll know the love that I had for you was never my own

Maybe someday you'll have nowhere to turn
You'll look back and wonder 'bout the bridges you have burned
You'll look back sometime when the lights grow dim
And you'll see you look much better with me than you do with him

Through hostile cities and unfriendly towns
Thirty pieces of silver, no money down
Maybe someday, you will understand
That something for nothing is everybody's plan

Maybe someday you'll remember what you felt
When there was blood on the moon in the cotton belt
When both of us, baby, were going though some sort of a test
Neither one of us could do what we do best

I should have known better, baby, I should have called your bluff
I guess I was too off the handle, not sentimental enough
Maybe someday, you'll believe me when I say
That I wanted you, baby, in every kind of way

Maybe someday you'll hear a voice from on high
Sayin' "For whose sake did you live, for whose sake did you die?"
Forgive me, baby, for what I didn't do
For not breakin' down no bedroom door to get at you

Always was a sucker for the right cross
Never wanted to go home 'til the last cent was lost
Maybe someday you will look back and see
That I made it so easy for you to follow me

Maybe someday there'll be nothing to tell
I'm just as happy as you, baby, I just can't say it so well
Never slumbered or slept or waited for lightning to strike
There's no excuse for you to say that we don't think alike

You said you were going' to Frisco, stay a couple of months
I always liked San Francisco, I was there for a party once
Maybe someday you'll see that it's true
There was no greater love than what I had for you/nNone/nMeet me in the morning, 56th and Wabasha
Honey, we could be in Kansas
By time the snow begins to thaw.

They say the darkest hour is right before the dawn
They say the darkest hour is right before the dawn
Honey you wouldn't know it by me
Every day's been darkness since you been gone.

Little rooster crowin', there must be something on his mind
Little rooster crowin', there must be something on his mind
Well, I feel just like that rooster
Honey, ya treat me so unkind.

Well, I struggled through barbed wire, felt the hail fall from above
Well, I struggled through barbed wire, felt the hail fall from above
Well, you know I even outrun the hound dogs
Honey, you know I've earned your love.

Look at the sun sinkin' like a ship
Look at the sun sinkin' like a ship
Ain't that just like my heart, babe
When you kissed my lips?/nTurtle, that friend of hers with his cheques all forged
And his cheeks in a chunk with his cheese in the cash
They all wanna be there at that million dollar bash

Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
It's that million dollar bash

Everybody from right now to over there and back
The louder they come, the bigger they crack
Come now, sweet cream, don't forget to flash
We're all gonna meet at that million dollar bash

Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
It's that million dollar bash

Well, I took my counselor out to the barn
Silly Nelly was there, she told him a yarn
Then along came Jones, emptied the trash
Everybody went down to that million dollar bash

Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
It's that million dollar bash

Well, I'm hittin' it too hard, my stones won't take
I get up in the mornin' but it's too early to wake
First it's hello, goodbye, then push and then crash
But we're all gonna make it at that million dollar bash

Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
It's that million dollar bash

Well, I looked at my watch, I looked at my wrist
I punched myself in the face with my fist
I took my potatoes down to be mashed
And I made it on over to that million dollar bash

Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
Ooh, baby, ooh-ee
It's that million dollar bash/nI keep asking myself how long it can go on like this
You told yourself a lie, that's alright mama, I told myself one too
I'm trying to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you

You took the silver, you took the gold
You left me standing out in the cold
People ask about you, I didn't tell them everything I knew
Well I'm trying to get closer, but I'm still a million miles from you

I'm drifting in and out of dreamless sleep
Throwing all my memories in a ditch so deep
Did so many things I never did intend to do
Well I'm trying to get closer, but I'm still a million miles from you

I need your love so bad, turn your lamp down low
I need every bit of it for the places that I go
Sometimes I wonder just what it's all coming to
Well I'm tryin' to get closer, but I'm still a million miles from you

Well I don't dare close my eyes and I don't dare wink
Maybe in the next life I'll be able to hear myself think
Feel like talking to somebody but I just don't know who
Well, I try to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you

Yes, the last thing you said before you hit the street

I said, 
Well, I'm tryin' to get closer, I'm still a million miles from you

Rock me, pretty baby, rock me all at once
Rock me for a little while, rock me for a couple of months
And I'll rock you too
I'm tryin' to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you

Well, there's voices in the night trying to be heard
I'm sitting here listening to every mind-polluting word
I know plenty of people, put me up for a day or two
Yes, I'm tryin' to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you/nWho's gonna let it roll?
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
Who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul?

Oh, Lucky's been drivin' a long, long time
And now he's stuck on top of the hill
With twelve forward gears, it's been a long hard climb
And with all of them ladies, though, he's lonely still

Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
Who's gonna let it roll?
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
Who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul?

Well, he deep in number and heavy in toil
Mighty Mockingbird, he still has such a heavy load
Beneath his boundaries, what more can I tell
With all of his travelin', but I'm still on that road

Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
Who's gonna let it roll?
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
Who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul?/nYour days are numbered, so are mine
Time is piling up, we struggle and we stray
We're all boxed in, nowhere to escape

City's just a jungle, more games to play
Trapped in the heart of it, tryin' to get away
I was raised in the country, I been working in the town
I been in trouble ever since I set my suitcase down

Got nothing for you, I had nothing before
Don't even have anything for myself anymore
Sky full of fire, pain pouring down
Nothing you can sell me, I'll see you around

All my powers of expression and thoughts so sublime
Could never do you justice in reason or rhyme
Only one thing I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long

Well, the devil's in the alley, mule's in the stall
Say anything you wanna, I have heard it all
I was thinking about the things that Rosie said
I was dreaming I was sleeping in Rosie's bed

Walking through the leaves, falling from the trees
Feeling like a stranger nobody sees
So many things that we never will undo
I know you're sorry, I'm sorry too

Some people will offer you their hand and some won't
Last night I knew you, tonight I don't
I need something strong to distract my mind
I'm gonna look at you till my eyes go blind

Well I got here following the southern star
I crossed that river just to be where you are
Only one thing I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long

Well my ship's been split to splinters and it's sinking fast
I'm drowning in the poison, got no future, got no past
But my heart is not weary, it's light and it's free
I've got nothing but affection for all those who sailed with me

Everybody's moving, if they ain't already there
Everybody got to move somewhere
Stick with me baby, stick with me anyhow
Things should start to get interesting right about now

My clothes are wet, tight on my skin
Not as tight as the corner that I painted myself in
I know that fortune is waiting to be kind
So give me your hand and say you'll be mine

Well, the emptiness is endless, cold as the clay
You can always come back, but you can't come back all the way
Only one thing I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long/nMan, it's a-killin' me

Well, there's too many people
And they're all too hard to please

Well, my hat's in my hand
Babe, I'm walkin' down the line

An' I'm lookin' for a woman
Whose head's mixed up like mine

Well, my head's full of questions
My temp'rature's risin' fast

Well, I'm lookin' for some answers
But I don't know who to ask

But I'm walkin' and wonderin'
And my poor feet don't ever stop

Seein' my reflection
I'm hung over, hung down, hung up!/nNone/nAnd my sad heart is yearning
To hear again the songbird's sweet melodious tone
Won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

The dusky light the day is losing
Orchids, poppies, black eyed susan
The earth and sky that melts with flesh and bone
Won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

The air is thick and heavy
All along the levee
Where the geese into the countryside have flown
Won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

Well, I'm preaching peace and harmony
The blessings of tranquility
Yet I know when the time is right to strike
I take you 'cross the river, dear
You've no need to linger here
I know the kinds of things you like

The clouds are turning crimson
The leaves fall from the limbs and
The branches cast their shadows over stone
Won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

The boulevards of cypress trees
The masquerade of birds and bees
The petals pink and white, the wind has blown
Won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

The trailing moss in mystic glow
The purple blossom, soft as snow
My tears keep flowing to the sea
Doctor, lawyer, indian chief
It takes a thief to catch a thief
For whom does the bell toll for, love?
It tolls for you and me

Old pulse's running through my palm
The sharp hills are rising from
Yellow fields with twisted oaks that grow
Won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone?/nlupa/nMost of the time, I can keep both feet on the ground
I can follow the path, I can read the signs
Stay right with it when the road unwinds
I can handle whatever I stumble upon
I don't even notice she's gone
Most of the time

Most of the time, it's well understood
Most of the time, I wouldn't change it if I could
I can't make it all match up, I can hold my own
I can deal with the situation right down to the bone
I can survive, I can endure
And I don't even think about her
Most of the time

Most of the time, my head is on straight
Most of the time, I'm strong enough not to hate
I don't build up illusion 'till it makes me sick
I ain't afraid of confusion no matter how thick
I can smile in the face of mankind
Don't even remember what her lips felt like on mine
Most of the time

Most of the time, she ain't even in my mind
I wouldn't know her if I saw her, she's that far behind
Most of the time, I can't even be sure
If she was ever with me or if I was with her

Most of the time, I'm halfway content
Most of the time, I know exactly where it all went
I don't cheat on myself, I don't run and hide
Hide from the feelings, that are buried inside
I don't compromise and I don't pretend
I don't even care if I ever see her again
Most of the time/nLookin' for a place to stay
I was mighty, mighty tired
I had come a long, long way

I said "Hey hey in there
Is there anybody home?"
I was standin' on the steps
Feelin' most alone

When out comes a farmer
He must have thought that I was nuts
He immediately looked at me
And stuck a gun into my guts

I fell down to
My bended knees
Saying "I dig farmers
Don't shoot me, please"

He cocked his rifle
And began to shout
"Are you that travelin' salesman
That I have heard about?"

I said "No, no, no
I'm a doctor and it's true
I'm a clean-cut kid
And I been to college too"

Then in comes his daughter
Whose name was Rita
She looked like she stepped
Out of La Dolce Vita

I immediately tried to cool it
With her dad
And told him what a nice
Pretty farm he had

He said "What do doctors know
About farms, pray tell?"
I said "I was born at the bottom
Of a wishing well"

Well, by the dirt 'neath my nails
I guess he knew I wouldn't lie
He said "I guess you're tired"
He said it kind of sly

I said "Yes, ten thousand miles
Today I drove"
He said "I got a bed for you
Underneath the stove

Just one condition
You can go to sleep right now
That you don't touch my daughter
And in the morning, milk the cows"

I was sleepin' like a rat
When I heard something jerkin'
There stood Rita
Lookin' just like Tony Perkins

She said "Would you like to take a shower?
I'll show you up to the door"
I said "Oh, no, no
I've been through this movie before"

I knew I had to split
But I did not know how
When she said
"Would you like to take that shower now?"

Well, I couldn't leave
Unless the old man chased me out
'Cause I'd already promised
That I'd milk his cows

I had to say something
To strike him very weird
So I yelled
"I like Fidel Castro and his beard"

Rita looked offended
But she got out of the way
As he came charging down the stairs
Sayin' "What's that I heard you say?"

I said, "I like Fidel Castro
I think you heard me right"
And I ducked as he swung
At me with all his might

Rita mumbled something
'Bout her mother on the hill
As his fist, it hit the icebox
He said he's going to kill

Me if I don't get out the door
In two seconds flat
"You unpatriotic
Rotten doctor Commie rat"

Well, he threw a Reader's Digest
At my head and I did run
I did a somersault
As I seen him get his gun

And crashed through the window
At a hundred miles an hour
And landed fully blast
In his garden flowers

Rita said "Come back"
And he started to load
The sun was comin' up
And I was runnin' down the road

Well, I don't figure I'll be back
There for a spell
Even though Rita moved away
And got a job at a motel

He still waits for me
Constant on the sly
He wants to turn me in
To the F.B.I.

Me, I romp and stompings
Thankful as I romp
Without freedom of speech
I might be in the swamp/nThe sunny sky is aqua blue
And all the couples dancing cheek to cheek.
It's very nice to stay a week or two
And maybe fall in love just me and you.

There's lots of pretty girls in Mozambique
And plenty time for good romance
And everybody likes to stop and speak
To give the special one you seek a chance
And maybe say hello with just a glance.

Lying next to her by the ocean
Reaching out and touching her hand,
Whispering your secret emotion
Magic in a magical land.

And when it's time for leaving Mozambique,
To say goodbye to sand and sea,
You turn around to take a final peek
And you see why it's so unique to be
Among the lovely people living free
Upon the beach of sunny Mozambique./nI'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to
Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle-jangle morning I'll come followin' you

Though I know that evening's empire
Has returned into sand
Vanished from my hand
Left me blindly here to stand but still not sleeping

My weariness amazes me
I am branded on my feet
I have no one to meet
And the ancient empty street's too dead for dreaming

Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to
Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle-jangle morning I'll come followin' you

Take me on a trip upon your magic swirling ship
My senses have been stripped, my hands can't feel to grip
My toes too numb to step
Wait only for my boot heels to be wandering

I'm ready to go anywhere, I'm ready for to fade
Into my own parade
Cast your dancing spell my way
I promise to go under it

Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to
Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle-jangle morning I'll come followin' you

Though you might hear laughing spinning, swinging madly across the sun
It's not aimed at anyone
It's just escaping on the run
And, but for the sky, there are no fences facing

And if you hear vague traces of skipping reels of rhyme
To your tambourine in time
It's just a ragged clown behind
I wouldn't pay it any mind
It's just a shadow you're seeing that he's chasing

Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to
Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle-jangle morning I'll come followin' you

Then take me disappearing through the smoke rings of my mind
Down the foggy ruins of time, far past the frozen leaves
The haunted, frightened trees, out to the windy beach
Far from the twisted reach of crazy sorrow

Yes, to dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand waving free
Silhouetted by the sea, circled by the circus sands
With all memory and fate driven deep beneath the waves
Let me forget about today until tomorrow

Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to
Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle-jangle morning I'll come followin' you/nRollin' high and mighty traps
Pounced with fire on flaming roads
Using ideas as my maps

"We'll meet on edges soon," said I
Proud 'neath heated brow
Ah, but I was so much older then
I'm younger than that now

Half-wracked prejudice leaped forth
"Rip down all hate," I screamed
Lies that life is black and white
Spoke from my skull, I dreamed

Romantic facts of musketeers
Foundationed deep somehow
Ah, but I was so much older then
I'm younger than that now

Girls' faces formed the forward path
From phony jealousy
To memorizing politics
Of ancient history

Flung down by corpse evangelists
Unthought of, though, somehow
Ah, but I was so much older then
I'm younger than that now

A self-ordained professor's tongue
Too serious to fool
Spouted out that liberty
Is just equality in school

"Equality," I spoke the word
As if a wedding vow
Ah, but I was so much older then
I'm younger than that now

In a soldier's stance I aimed my hand
At the mongrel dogs who teach
Fearing not I'd become my enemy
In the instant that I preach

My existence led by confusion boats
Mutiny from stern to bow
Ah, but I was so much older then
I'm younger than that now

Yes, my guard stood hard when abstract threats
Too noble to neglect
Deceived me into thinking
I had something to protect

Good and bad, I'd define these terms
Quite clear, no doubt, somehow
Ah, but I was so much older then
I'm younger than that now/nNone/nI just came here to hear the drummer's cymbal ring
There ain’t no way you can put me down
I just wanna say that hell’s my wife’s home town

Well, there’s reasons for that and reasons for this
I can’t think of any just now, but I know they exist
I’m sittin in the sun ‘till my skin turns brown
I just wanna say that hell’s my wife’s home town, home town, home town

She can make you steal, make you rob
Give you the hives, make you lose your job
Make things bad, she can make things worse
She got stuff more potent than a gypsy curse

One of these days I’ll end up on the run
I'm pretty sure she'll make me kill someone
I’m going inside, roll the shutters down
I just wanna say that hell’s my wife’s home town

Well, there’s plenty to remember, plenty to forget
I still can remember the day we met
I lost my reasons long ago
My love for her is all I know

State gone broke, the county's dry
Don't be lookin' at me with that evil eye
Keep on walking, don’t be hanging around
I’m tellin you again that hell’s my wife’s home town
Home town, ha ha, home town/nI won't even think about what I left behind
Nothing back there anyway I can call my own
Go back home, leave me alone
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

Ever since the British burned the White House down
There's a bleeding wound in the heart of town
I saw you drinking from an empty cup
I saw you buried and I saw you dug up
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

Look down angel from the skies
Help my weary soul to rise
I kissed your cheek, I dragged your plow
You broke my heart, I was your friend till now
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

In the courtyard of the golden sun
You stand and fight or you break and run
You went and lost your lovely head
For a drink of wine and a crust of bread
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

We looted and we plundered on distant shores
Why is my share not equal to yours
Your father left you, your mother too
Even death has washed it's hands of you
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

This is hard country to stay alive in
Blades are everywhere and they're breaking my skin
I'm armed to the hilt and I'm struggling hard
You won't get out of here unscarred
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

You got too many lovers waiting at the wall
About a thousand tongues, I couldn't count them all
Yesterday I could've thrown them all in the sea
Today, even one may be too much for me
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

Cakewalking baby, you could do no wrong
Put your arms around me, where they belong
I won't take you on a roller coaster ride
Lay my hands all over you, tie you to my side
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

I've got a heavy stacked woman with a smile on her face
And she has crowned my soul with grace
Im still hurting from an arrow that pierced my chest
I'm gonna have to take my head and bury it between your breasts
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

Been dark all night but now it's dawn
The moving finger is moving on
You can guard me while I sleep
Kiss away the tears I weep
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday

I love women and she loves men
We've been to the west and we going back again
I heard a voice at the dusk of day
Saying, "Be gentle brother, be gentle and pray."
It's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
If I can't work up to you
You'll surely have to work down to me someday/n/nMy patience is wearing thin, got a fire inside my nose.
Searching for the truth the way God designed it,
The truth is I might drown before I find it.

Well I need a woman, yes I do
Need a woman, yes I do.
Someone who can see me as I am,
Somebody who just don't give a damn.
And I want you to be that woman every night,
Be that woman.

I've had my eyes on you baby for about five long years,
You probably don't know me at all, but I have seen your laughter and tears.
Now you don't frighten me, my heart is jumping
And you look like it wouldn't hurt you none to have a man who could give ya something.

Well I need a woman, oh don't I
Need a woman, bring it home safe at last.
Seen you turn the corner, seen your bootheels spark,
Seen you in the daylight, and watched you in the dark.
And I want you to be that woman, all right
Be that woman every night.

Well, if you believe in something long enough you just naturally come to think it's true.
There ain't no wall you can't cross over, ain't no fire you can't walk through.
Well, believing is all right, just don't let the wrong people know what it's all about.
They might put the evil eye on you, use their hidden powers to try to turn you out.

Well I need a woman, just to be my queen.
Need a woman, know what I mean?/nHis enemies say he's on their land.
They got him outnumbered about a million to one,
He got no place to escape to, no place to run.
He's the neighborhood bully.

The neighborhood bully he just lives to survive,
He's criticized and condemned for being alive.
Not supposed to fight back, and have thick skin,
Supposed to lay down and die when his door is kicked in.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Neighborhood bully been driven out of every land,
He's wandered the earth an exiled man.
Seen his family scattered, his people hounded and torn,
He's always on trial for just being born.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, he knocked out a lynch mob, he was criticized,
Old women condemned him, said he should apologize.
Then he destroyed a bomb factory, nobody was glad.
The bombs were meant for him.
He was supposed to feel bad.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, the chances are against it and the odds are slim
That he'll live by the rules that the world makes for him,
There's a noose at his neck and a gun at his back
And a license to kill him given out to every maniac.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well he got no allies to really speak of.
What he gets he must pay for, he don't get it out of love.
He buys obsolete weapons and he won't be denied
But no one sends flesh and blood to fight by his side.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, he's surrounded by pacifists who all want peace,
They pray for it nightly that the bloodshed will cease.
Now, they wouldn't hurt a fly.
To hurt one they would weep.
They lay and they wait for this bully to fall asleep.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Every empire that's enslaved him is gone,
Egypt and Rome, even the great Babylon.
He's made a garden of paradise in the desert sand,
In bed with nobody, under no one's command.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Now his holiest books have been trampled upon,
No contract he signed was worth what it was written on.
He took the crumbs of the world and he turned it into wealth,
Took sickness and disease and he turned it into health.
He's the neighborhood bully.

What's anybody indebted to him for?
Nothin', they say.
He just likes to cause war.
His pride and prejudice his superstition indeed,
They wait for this bully like a dog waits to feed.
He's the neighborhood bully.

What has he done to wear so many scars?
Does he change the course of rivers?
Does he pollute the moon and stars?
Neighborhood bully, standing on the hill,
Running out the clock, time standing still,
Neighborhood bully./nSomething's out of whack
Blues this mornin' fallin' down like hail
Gonna leave a greasy trail

Gonna travel the world is what I'm gonna do
Then come back and see you
All I ever do is struggle and strive
If I don't do anybody any harm, I might make it back home alive

I'm the oldest son of a crazy man
I'm in a cowboy band
Got a pile of sins to pay for and I ain't got time to hide
I'd walk through a blazing fire, baby, if I knew you was on the other side

Oh, I miss you, Nettie Moore
And my happiness is over
Winter's gone, the river's on the rise
I loved you then and ever shall
But there's no one left here to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes

Well, the world of research has gone berserk
Too much paperwork
Albert's in the graveyard, Frankie's raising hell
I'm beginning to believe what the scriptures tell

I've gone where the Southern crosses The Yellow Dog
Get away from all these demagogues
And these bad luck women stick like glue
It's either one or the other or neither of the two

She says, 
They say whisky'll kill you, but I don't think it will
I'm ridin' with you to the top of the hill

Oh, I miss you, Nettie Moore
And my happiness is over
Winter's gone, the river's on the rise
I loved you then and ever shall
But there's no one left here to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes

Don't know why my baby never looked so good before
Don't have to wonder no more
She been cooking all day, it gonna take me all night
I can't eat all that stuff in a single bite

The judge is coming in, everybody rise
Lift up your eyes
You can do what you please, you don't need my advice
'Fore you call me any dirty names, you better think twice

Gettin' light outside, the temperature dropped
I think the rain has stopped
I'm gonna make you come to grips with fate
When I'm through with you, you'll learn to keep your business straight

Oh, I miss you, Nettie Moore
And my happiness is over
Winter's gone, the river's on the rise
I loved you then and ever shall
But there's no one left here to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes

The bright spark of the steady lights
Has dimmed my sights
When you're around me all my grief gives way
A lifetime with you is like some heavenly day

Everything I've ever known to be right has been proven wrong
I'll be drifting along
The woman I'm a-loving, she rules my heart
No knife could ever cut our love apart

Today I'll stand in faith and raise
The voice of praise
The sun is strong, I'm standing in the light
I wish to God that it were night

Oh, I miss you, Nettie Moore
And my happiness is over
Winter's gone, the river's on the rise
I loved you then and ever shall
But there's no one here left to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes/nYou're a living dream.
And every time you get this close
It makes me want to scream.
You touched me and you knew
That I was warm for you and then,
I ain't never gonna be the same again.

Sorry if I hurt you, baby,
Sorry if I did.
Sorry if I touched the place
Where your secrets are hid.
But you meant more than everything,
And I could not pretend,
I ain't never gonna be the same again.

You give me something to think about, baby,
Every time I see ya.
Don't worry, baby, I don't mind leaving,
I'd just like it to be my idea.

You taught me how to love you, baby,
You taught me, oh, so well.
Now, I can't go back to what was, baby,
I can't unring the bell.
You took my reality
And cast it to the wind
And I ain't never gonna be the same again./nNorth wind about to break
On footprints in the snow
Silence down below.

You're beautiful beyond words
You're beautiful to me
You can make me cry
Never say goodbye.

Time is all I have to give
You can have it if you choose
With me you can live
Never say goodbye.

My dreams are made of iron and steel
With a big bouquet
Of roses hanging down
From the heavens to the ground.

The crashing waves roll over me
As I stand upon the sand
Wait for you to come
And grab hold of my hand.

Oh, baby, baby, baby blue
You'll change your last name, too
You've turned your hair to brown
Love to see it hangin' down./nNone/nRabbit runnin' down across the road
Underneath the bridge where the water flowed through
So happy just to see you smile
Underneath the sky of blue
On this new morning, new morning
On this new morning with you

Can't you hear that motor turnin'?
Automobile comin' into style
Comin' down the road for a country mile or two
So happy just to see you smile
Underneath the sky of blue
On this new morning, new morning
On this new morning with you

The night passed away so quickly
It always does when you're with me

Can't you feel that sun a-shinin'?
Ground hog runnin' by the country stream
This must be the day that all of my dreams come true
So happy just to be alive
Underneath the sky of blue
On this new morning, new morning
On this new morning with you

So happy just to be alive
Underneath the sky of blue
On this new morning, new morning
On this new morning with you
New morning/nI had a pony, her name was Lucifer
She broke her leg and needed shooting
I swear it hurt me more than it could have hurted her

Sometimes I wonder what's going on with Miss X
Sometimes I wonder what's going on with Miss X
She got such a sweet disposition
I never know what the poor girl's gonna do to me next

I got a new pony, she knows how to fox-trot, lope and pace
Well, I got a new pony, she knows how to fox-trot, lope and pace
She got great big hind legs
Long black shaggy hair hangin' in her face

Ev'rybody says you're usin' voodoo, I seen your feet walk by themselves
Oh well ev'rybody says you're usin' voodoo, I seen your feet walk by themselves
Oh, baby, but that god you been prayin' to
Gonna give ya back what you wishin' on someone else

Come over here pony, I, I wanna climb up one time on you
Oh well come over here pony, I, I wanna climb up one time on you
You know so nasty and your'e so bad
But I swear I love you, yes I do/nNone/nNight after night, don't know what you think you will find
No place to go, nowhere to turn
Everything around you seems to burn, burn, burn
And there's never any mercy in sight, night after night

Night after night
Night after night

Night after night, some new plan to blow up the world
Night after night, another old man kissing some young girl
You look for salvation, you find none
Just another broken heart, another barrel of a gun
Just another stick of dynamite, night after night

Night after night
Night after night

Night after night, you drop dead in your bed
Night after night, another bottle finds a head
Night after night, I think about cutting you loose
But I just can't do it, what would be the use?
So I just keep a-holding you tight, night after night

Night after night after night after night after night
Night after night after night after night after night

Night after night after night after night after night
Night after night after night after night after night/nNone/nNone/nWho sleep-walks through your dreams into walls.
You're a soldier of mercy, and you're cold and you curse,
"He who cannot be trusted must fall."

Loneliness, tenderness, high society, notoriety.
You fight for the throne and you travel alone
Unknown as you slowly sink
And there's no time to think.

In the Federal City you been blown and shown pity,
In secret, for pieces of change.
The empress attracts you but oppression distracts you
It makes you feel violent and strange.

Memory, ecstasy, tyranny, hypocrisy
Betrayed by a kiss on a cool night of bliss
In the valley of the missing link
And there's no time to think.

Judges will haunt you, the country priestess will want you
Her worst is better than best.
I've seen all these decoys through a set of deep turquoise eyes
And I feel so depressed.

China doll, alcohol, duality, mortality.
Mercury rules you and destiny fools you
Like the plague, with a dangerous wink
And there's no time to think.

Your conscience betrayed you when some tyrant waylaid you
Where the lion lies down with the lamb.
I'd have paid the traitor and killed him much later
But that's just the way that I am.

Paradise, sacrifice, mortality, reality.
But the magician is quicker and his game
Is much thicker than blood and blacker than ink
And there's no time to think.

Vomit and jealousy's all that he sells us,
He's contented when you're under his thumb.
Madmen oppose him, your kindness throws him
To survive it you play deaf and dumb.

Equality, liberty, humility, simplicity.
You glance through the mirror and there's eyes staring clear
At the back of your head as you drink
And there's no time to think.

Warlords of sorrow and queens of tomorrow
Will offer their heads for a prayer.
You can't find no salvation, have no expectations
Anytime, anyplace, anywhere.

Mercury, gravity, nobility, humility.
You know you can't keep her and the water gets deeper
That is leading you onto the brink
And there's no time to think.

You've murdered your vanity, burned your sanity
For pleasure you must now resist.
Lovers obey you but they cannot sway you
They're not even sure you exist.

Socialism, hypnotism, patriotism, materialism.
Fools making laws for the breaking of jaws
And the sound of the keys as they clink
And there's no time to think.

The bridge that you travel on goes to the Babylon girl
With the rose in her hair.
Starlight in the East you finally released
You're stranded with nothing to share.

Loyalty, unity, epitome, rigidity.
You turn around for one real last glimpse of Camille
'Neath the moon shinin' bloody and pink
And there's no time to think.

Bullets can harm you and death can disarm you
But no, you will not be deceived.
Stripped of all virtue as you crawl through the dirt,
You can give but you cannot receive.

No time to choose when the truth must die,
No time to lose or say goodbye,
No time to prepare for the victim that's there,
No time to suffer or blink
And no time to think./n'Cept you, yeah you
And there's nothing to me that's sacred
'Cept you, yeah you

You're the one that reaches me
You're the one that I admire
Every time we meet together
My soul feels like it's on fire
Nothing matters to me
And there's nothing I desire
'Cept you, yeah you

Nothing 'round here I care to try for
'Cept you, yeah you
Got nothing left to live or die for
'Cept you, yeah you

There's a hymn I used to hear
In the churches all the time
Make me feel so good inside
So peaceful, so sublime
And there's nothing to remind me of that
Old familiar chime
'Cept you, uh huh you

Used to play in the cemetery
Dance and sing and run when I was a child
Never seemed strange
But now I just pass mournfully by
That place where the bones of life are piled
I know somethin' has changed
I'm a stranger here and no one sees me
'Cept you, yeah you

Nothing much matters or seems to please me
'Cept you, yeah you
Nothing hypnotizes me
Or holds me in a spell
Everything runs by me
Just like water from a well
Everybody wants my attention
Ev'rybody's got something to sell
'Cept you, yeah you/nOf when the red iron ore pits ran plenty
But the cardboard-filled windows and old men on the benches
Tell you now that the whole town is empty

In the north end of town, my own children have grown
But I was raised on the other
In the wee hours of youth, my mother took sick
And I was brought up by my brother

The iron ore poured as the years passed the door
The drag lines and shovels, they was humming
'Til one day my brother failed to come home
The same as my father before him

Well, a long winter's wait from the window, I watched
My friends, they couldn't have been kinder
And my schooling was cut as I quit in the spring
To marry John Thomas, a miner

Oh, the years passed again and the givin' was good
With a lunch bucket filled every season
But with three babies born, the work was cut down
To a half a day's shift with no reason

And the shaft was soon shut and more work was cut
And the fire in the air, it felt frozen
'Til a man come to speak and he said in one week
That number eleven was closing

They complained in the east, they are paying too high
They say that your ore ain't worth diggin'
That it's much cheaper down in the South American towns
Where the miners work almost for nothin'

So the mining gates locked and the red iron rotted
And the room smelled heavy from drinkin'
And the sad silent song made the hour twice as long
As I waited for the sun to go sinkin'

I lived by the window as he talked to himself
This silence of tongues, it was building
'Til one morning's wake, the bed, it was bare
And I was left alone with three children

The summer is gone, the ground's turning cold
The stores one by one, they're a-foldin'
My children will go as soon as they grow
Well, there ain't nothin' here now to hold them/nIt's too hot to sleep, time is running away
Feel like my soul has turned into steel
I've still got the scars that the sun didn't heal
There's not even room enough to be anywhere
It's not dark yet, but it's getting there

Well my sense of humanity has gone down the drain
Behind every beautiful thing there's been some kind of pain
She wrote me a letter and she wrote it so kind
She put down in writing what was in her mind
I just don't see why I should even care
It's not dark yet, but it's getting there

Well, I've been to London and I've been to gay Paris
I've followed the river and I got to the sea
I've been down on the bottom of a whirlpool of lies
I ain't looking for nothin' in anyone's eyes
Sometimes my burden is more than I can bear
It's not dark yet, but it's getting there

I was born here and I'll die here against my will
I know it looks like I'm moving, but I'm standing still
Every nerve in my body is so vacant and numb
I can't even remember what it was I came here to get away from
Don't even hear a murmur of a prayer
It's not dark yet, but it's getting there/nAnd I tell this truth to you,
Not out of spite or anger
But simply because it's true.
Now, I hope you won't object to this,
Giving back all of what you owe,
The fewer words you have to waste on this,
The sooner you can go.

Nothing is better, nothing is best,
Take heed of this and get plenty of rest.

Nothing was delivered
But I can't say I sympathize
With what your fate is going to be,
Yes, for telling all those lies.
Now you must provide some answers
For what you sell has not been received,
And the sooner you come up with them,
The sooner you can leave.

Nothing is better, nothing is best,
Take heed of this and get plenty rest.

(Now you know)
Nothing was delivered
And it's up to you to say
Just what you had in mind
When you made ev'rybody pay.
No, nothing was delivered,
Yes, 'n' someone must explain
That as long as it takes to do this
Then that's how long that you'll remain.

Nothing is better, nothing is best,
Take heed of this and get plenty rest./nI'm callin' you to, I'm callin' you to please come home
Yes, I guess I could make it without you
If I just didn't feel so all alone

Don't let me down, don't let me down
I won't let you down, I won't let you down, no I won't
You know I can if you can, honey
But, honey, please don't

I got my black dog barkin', black dog barkin'
Yes it is now, yes it is, outside my yard
Yes, I could tell you what he means
If I just didn't have to try so hard

Your mama's workin', your mama's moanin'
She's cryin' you know, she's tryin' you know, you better go now
Well, I'd tell you what she wants
If I, but I just don't know how

Fifteen jugglers, fifteen jugglers
Five believers, five believers all dressed like men
Tell your mama not to worry because
Yes, they're just my friends

Early in the mornin', early in the mornin'
I'm callin' you to, I'm callin' you to please come home
Yes, I could make it without you
If I just didn't feel so all alone/nYou break your promise all over the place
You promised to love me, but what do I see
Just you comin' and spillin' juice over me
Odds and ends, odds and ends
Lost time is not found again

Now, you take your file and you bend my head
I never can remember anything that you've said
You promised to love me, but what do I know
You're always spillin' juice on me like you got someplace to go
Odds and ends, odds and ends
Lost time is not found again

Now, I've had enough, my box is clean
You know what I'm sayin' and you know what I mean
From now on you'd best get on someone else
While you're doin' it, keep that juice to yourself
Odds and ends, odds and ends
Lost time is not found again/nYou should not treat me like a stranger.
Our Father would not like the way that you act
And you must realize the danger.

Oh, sister, am I not a brother to you
And one deserving of affection?
And is our purpose not the same on this earth,
To love and follow
His direction?

We grew up together
From the cradle to the grave
We died and were reborn
And then mysteriously saved.

Oh, sister, when I come to knock on your door,
Don't turn away, you'll create sorrow.
Time is an ocean but it ends at the shore
You may not see me tomorrow./nSo glad you came around
Hold on to me so tight
And heat up some coffee grounds
We got much to talk about
And much to reminisce
It sure is right
On a night like this

On a night like this
So glad you've come to stay
Hold on to me, pretty miss
Say you'll never go away to stray
Run your fingers down my spine
Bring me a touch of bliss
It sure feels right
On a night like this

On a night like this
I can't get any sleep
The air is so cold outside
And the snow's so deep
Build a fire, throw on logs
And listen to it hiss
And let it burn, burn, burn, burn
On a night like this

Put your body next to mine
And keep me company
There is plenty a room for all
So please don't elbow me

Let the four winds blow
Around this old cabin door
If I'm not too far off I think we did this once before
There's more frost on the window glass
With each new tender kiss
But it sure feels right
On a night like this/nHowlin' you come home
I'll be on my way, so long, forlorn
You just can't go

I will get it if I have to
If I have to please come home
Try, but I'll be dry, and I crave you
If I haunt you back all day

Carry my trouble
Yes you satisfy my mind
I'll try to tell you, if I can't come in
And I must stay true

I'll be happy in the morning
I try my best, I will try to help you
If I can, and I leave it too
But I just can't find you away
Won't some time away


That's the way I think she told mee [??]
Heart she bent on me [??]
I'll be out all morning, for you
But you can't stop me

Yes, I try my best to please you
Try my best, but if I fail
You must help me to see you
As I go by...



Now, if you send me a letter
I'll be on my way to get it for you
I'll be with my sister too
I can't find me what to do

Yes, I've been trying to get a message
To you, but you have to treat me
I won't let her to
And then I try my best to hunt her, you../nNone/nOne for my baby
One for the road
            
I cry alone at night
Please tell me it's only night
And she's calling me back at night
And she's already home
            
One for my baby
One for the road
One for my baby
One for the road
            
I cry alone at night
There is no friend in sight
I love getting back at night
But I wish I don't
            
One for my baby
One for the road
One for my baby
One for the road
            
This bottle is dried up too
And I'll be all cried up soon
I can't see no God on the moon
It's a long way to go
            
One for my baby
One for the road
One for my baby
One for the road
            
I cry alone at night
He's not alone at night
I'll be there my whole night
But I wish it was whole

One for my baby
One for the road
One for my baby
One for the road/nOne man's loss always is another man's gain

Let's take a cherry, I can't make it no more
Can't stop, she's breaking all time on the floor
Better come down easy or don't come down at all
You don't try and to please me, somebody's gonna fall
One man's loss always is another man's gain
Yes, one man's joy always is another man's pain

Eight o'clock in the morning, better step aside
Let me be to your warning, you better go by
Three times a loser, number 45
Better not lose her, best stayed alive
One man's loss always is another man's gain
Yes, one man's joy always is another man's pain

Wish I'd have found me (??) at the wall
One look at the watch, you better lord at all
You can't stop it or wait it (??) at night
Too hard to keep you waiting, calls me aside
One man's loss always is another man's gain
Yes, one man's joy always is another man's pain/nYour eyes are like two jewels in the sky.
Your back is straight, your hair is smooth
On the pillow where you lie.
But I don't sense affection
No gratitude or love
Your loyalty is not to me
But to the stars above.

One more cup of coffee for the road,
One more cup of coffee 'fore I go
To the valley below.

Your daddy he's an outlaw
And a wanderer by trade
He'll teach you how to pick and choose
And how to throw the blade.
He oversees his kingdom
So no stranger does intrude
His voice it trembles as he calls out
For another plate of food.

One more cup of coffee for the road,
One more cup of coffee 'fore I go
To the valley below.

Your sister sees the future
Like your mama and yourself.
You've never learned to read or write
There's no books upon your shelf.
And your pleasure knows no limits
Your voice is like a meadowlark
But your heart is like an ocean
Mysterious and dark.

One more cup of coffee for the road,
One more cup of coffee 'fore I go
To the valley below./nBut tonight I'm as lonesome as can be
Oh, the moon is shining bright, lighting everything in sight
But tonight no light will shine on me

Oh, it's shameful and it's sad, I lost the only pal I had
I just could not be what she wanted me to be
I will turn my head up high to that dark and rolling sky
But tonight no light will shine on me

I was so mistaken when I thought that she'd be true
I had no idea what a woman in love would do

One more night, I will wait for the light
While the wind blows high above the tree
Oh, I miss my darling so, I didn't mean to see her go
But tonight no light will shine on me

One more night, the moon is shining bright
And the wind blows high above the tree
Oh, I miss that woman so, I didn't mean to see her go
But tonight no light will shine on me/nI'm lookin' good to see you, yeah, and we can have some fun
One more weekend, one more weekend with you
One more weekend, one more weekend'll do

Come on down to my ship, honey, right on deck
Wer'e flyin' over the ocean just like you suspect
One more weekend, one more weekend with you
One more weekend, one more weekend'll do

We'll fly the night away
Hang out the whole next day
Things will be okay
You wait and see
We'll go someplace unknown
Leave all the children home
Honey, why not go alone
Just you and me

Comin' and goin' like a rabbit in the wood
I'm happy just to see you, yeah, lookin' so good
One more weekend, one more weekend with you
One more weekend, one more weekend'll do (yes, you will!)

Like a needle in a haystack, I'm gonna find you yet
You're the sweetest gone mama that this boy's ever gonna get
One more weekend, one more weekend with you
One more weekend, one more weekend'll do/nYou shouldn't take it so personal
I didn't mean to make you so sad
You just happened to be there, that's all

When I saw you say goodbye to your friend and smile
I thought that it was well understood
That you'd be comin' back in a little while
I didn't know that you were sayin' goodbye for good

But sooner or later, one of us must know
That you just did what you're supposed to do
Sooner or later, one of us must know
That I really did try to get close to you

I couldn't see what you could show me
Your scarf had kept your mouth well-hid
I couldn't see how you could know me
But you said you knew me and I believed you did

When you whispered in my ear
And asked me if I was leavin' with you or her
I didn't realize just what I did hear
I didn't realize how young you were

But sooner or later, one of us must know
That you just did what you're supposed to do
Sooner or later, one of us must know
That I really did try to get close to you

I couldn't see when it started snowin'
Your voice was all that I heard
I couldn't see where we were goin'
But you said you knew and I took your word

And then you told me later as I apologized
That you were just kiddin' me, you weren't really from the farm
And I told you as you clawed out my eyes
That I never really meant to do you any harm

But sooner or later, one of us must know
That you just did what you're supposed to do
Sooner or later, one of us must know
That I really did try to get close to you/nAs the night comes in a-fallin' the dogs will lose their bark
And the silent night will shatter from the sounds inside my mind
For I'm one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind

From the crossroads of my doorstep, my eyes, they start to fade
As I turn my head back to the room where my love and I have laid
And I gaze back to the street, the sidewalk, and the sign
And I'm one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind

It's a restless hungry feeling that don't mean no one no good
When everything I'm a-sayin', you can say it just as good
You're right from your side, I am right from mine
We're both just one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind/nThere's frogs inside my socks
Your mama, she's a-hidin' 
Inside the icebox
Your daddy walks in wearin' 
A Napoleon Bonaparte mask
Then you ask why I don't live here
Honey, do you have to ask?

Well, I go to pet your monkey
I get a face full of claws
I ask that who's in the fireplace 
And you tell me Santa Claus
The milkman comes in
He's wearing a derby hat
And you ask why I don't live here
Honey, how come you have to ask me that?

Well, I ask for something to eat
I'm hungry as a hog
So I get brown rice, seaweed
And a dirty hot dog
I got a hole 
Where my stomach disappeared
Then you ask why I don't live here
Honey, I gotta think you're really weird

Your grandpa's cane
It turns into a sword
Your grandma prays to pictures 
That are pasted on a board
Everything inside my pockets 
Your uncle steals
And you ask why I don't live here
Honey, I can't believe that you're for real

Well, there's fist fights in the kitchen
They're enough to make me cry
Then the mailman comes in
Even he's gotta take a side
Even the butler
He's got something to prove
Then you ask why I don't live here
Honey, how come you don't move?/nI spied an old hobo, in a doorway he lay.
His face was all grounded in the cold sidewalk floor
And I guess he'd been there for the whole night or more.

Only a hobo, but one more is gone
Leavin' nobody to sing his sad song
Leavin' nobody to carry him home
Only a hobo, but one more is gone

A blanket of newspaper covered his head,
As the curb was his pillow, the street was his bed.
One look at his face showed the hard road he'd come
And a fistful of coins showed the money he bummed.

Only a hobo, but one more is gone
Leavin' nobody to sing his sad song
Leavin' nobody to carry him home
Only a hobo, but one more is gone

Does it take much of a man to see his whole life go down,
To look up on the world from a hole in the ground,
To wait for your future like a horse that's gone lame,
To lie in the gutter and die with no name?

Only a hobo, but one more is gone
Leavin' nobody to sing his sad song
Leavin' nobody to carry him home
Only a hobo, but one more is gone/nTook Medgar Evers' blood
A finger fired the trigger to his name

A handle hid out in the dark, a hand set the spark
Two eyes took the aim, behind a man's brain
But he can't be blamed
He's only a pawn in their game

A South politician preaches to the poor white man
"You got more than the blacks, don't complain
You're better than them, you been born with white skin"
They explain

And the Negro's name is used, it is plain
For the politician's gain as he rises to fame
And the poor white remains on the caboose of the train
But it ain't him to blame, he's only a pawn in their game

The deputy sheriffs, the soldiers, the governors get paid
And the marshals and cops get the same
But the poor white man's used in the hands of them all like a tool

He's taught in his school from the start, by the rule
That the laws are with him, to protect his white skin
To keep up his hate, so he never thinks straight 'bout the shape that he's in
But it ain't him to blame, he's only a pawn in their game

From the poverty shacks he looks from the cracks to the tracks
And the hoof beats pound in his brain
And he's taught how to walk in a pack, shoot in the back
With his fist in a clinch

To hang and to lynch, to hide 'neath a hood
To kill with no pain like a dog on a chain
He ain't got no name, but it ain't him to blame
He's only a pawn in their game

Today Medger Evers was buried from the bullet he caught
They lowered him down as a king
But when the shadowy sun sets on the one
That fired the gun

You'll see by his grave
On the stone that remains
Carved next to his name, his epitaph plain
"Only a pawn in their game"/nThat he'd make sure I'd always understand
And that there is one certain way that a man must swim
Where he expects to live off the fat of the land.

Open the door, Richard
I heard it said before
Open the door, Richard
I heard it said before
But I ain't gonna here it said no more.

Now there's a certain thing that I learned from my friend Mouse
A fellow who always blushes
An' that is that everyone must always flush out their house
If they don't expect to be goin' 'round housin' flushes.

Open the door, Richard
I heard it said before
Open the door, Richard
I heard it said before
But I ain't gonna here it said no more.

Now, take care of all of your memories, said my friend Nick
And remember now you cannot relive them
And do not forget that when you go out to heal the sick
That you must always first forgive them.

Open the door, Richard
I heard it said before
Open the door, Richard
I heard it said before
But I ain't gonna here it said no more./nAin't it hard to stumble and land in some muddy lagoon?
'Specially when it's nine below zero and three o'clock in the afternoon

Ain't gonna hang no picture, ain't gonna hang no picture frame
Ain't gonna hang no picture or hang no picture frame
Well, I might look like Robert Ford, but I feel just like a Jesse James

An' I wish I was on some Australian mountain range
Oh, I wish I was on some Australian mountain range
I got no reason to be there, but I imagine it would be some kind of change

I got my dark sunglasses, I got for good luck my black tooth
I got my dark sunglasses, I'm carryin' my good luck marked black tooth
Don't ask me nothin' about nothin', I just might tell you the truth

I got a woman in Jackson, oh, I ain't gonna say her name
I got a woman in Jackson, I ain't gonna say her name
She's a brown-skinned woman but I love her just the same/nEverybody's got their heads bowed down
Sun don't shine above the ground
Ain't a-goin' down to Oxford town

He went down to Oxford town
Guns and clubs followed him down
All because his face was brown
Better get away from Oxford town

Oxford town around the bend
Come to the door, he couldn't get in
All because of the color of his skin
What do you think about that, my friend?

Me, my gal, and my gal's son
We got met with a tear gas bomb
Don't even know why we come
We're goin' back where we come from

Oxford town in the afternoon
Everybody's singin' a sorrowful tune
Two men died 'neath the Mississippi moon
Somebody better investigate soon/nRoads of battles,
Paths of victory,
I shall walk.

The trail is dusty
And my road it might be rough,
But the better roads are waiting
And boys it ain't far off.

Trails of troubles,
Roads of battles,
Paths of victory,
We shall walk.

I walked down by the river,
I turned my head up high.
I saw that silver linin'
That was hangin' in the sky.

Trails of troubles,
Roads of battles,
Paths of victory,
We shall walk.

The evenin' dusk was rollin',
I was walking down the track.
There was a one-way wind a-blowin'
And it was blowin' at my back.

Trails of troubles,
Roads of battles,
Paths of victory,
We shall walk.

The gravel road is bumpy,
It's a hard road to ride,
But there's a clearer road a-waitin'
With the cinders on the side.

Trails of troubles,
Roads of battles,
Paths of victory,
We shall walk.

That evening train was rollin',
The hummin' of its wheels,
My eyes they saw a better day
As I looked across the fields.

Trails of troubles,
Roads of battles,
Paths of victory,
We shall walk.

The trail is dusty,
The road it might be rough,
But the good road is a-waitin'
And boys it ain't far off.

Trails of troubles,
Roads of battles,
Paths of victory,
We shall walk./nNone/nNothing more wretched than what I must endure
I'm drenched in the light that shines from the sun
I could stone you to death for the wrongs that you done
Sooner or later you'll make a mistake
I'll put you in a chain that you never will break
Legs and arms and body and bone
I pay in blood, but not my own

Night after night, day after day
They strip your useless hopes away
The more I take the more I give
The more I die the more I live
I got something in my pocket make your eyeballs swim
I got dogs could tear you limb from limb
I'm circling around the Southern Zone
I pay in blood, but not my own

Low cards are what I've got
But I'll play this hand whether I like it or not
I'm sworn to uphold the laws of God
You can put me out in front of a firing squad
I've been out and around with the rowdy men
Just like you, my handsome friend
My head's so hard, must be made of stone
I pay in blood, but not my own

Another politician pumping out the piss
Another ragged beggar blowing you a kiss
You got the same eyes that your mother does
If only you could prove who your father was
Someone must have slipped a drug in your wine
You gulped it down and you crossed the line
Man can't live by bread alone
I pay in blood, but not my own

How I made it back home, nobody knows
Or how I survived so many blows
I've been through hell, what good did it do?
You bastard! I'm suppose to respect you?
I'll give you justice, I'll fatten your purse
Show me your moral virtues first
Hear me holler and hear me moan
I pay in blood but not my own

You pet your lover in the bed
Come here, I'll break your lousy head
Our nation must be saved and freed
You've been accused of murder, how do you plead?
This is how I spend my days
I came to bury, not to praise
I'll drink my fill and sleep alone
I pay in blood, but not my own/nNone/nBy golly, what more can I say?
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day

Peggy Night makes my future look so bright
Man, that girl is out of sight
Love to spend the day with Peggy Night

Well, you know ever even before I learned her name
You know I loved her just the same
And I tell 'em all, wherever I may go, just so they'll know
That she's my little lady and I love her so

Peggy Day stole my poor heart away
Turned my skies to blue from gray
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day

Peggy Day stole my poor heart away
By golly, what more can I say?
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day/nCome to me where I sleep
Turn, turn, turn again
Sayin' one of your friends
Is in trouble deep
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

Tell me the trouble
Tell once to my ear
Turn, turn, turn again
Joliet prison
And ninety-nine years
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

Oh what's the charge
Of how this came to be
Turn, turn, turn again
Manslaughter
In the highest of degree
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

I sat down and wrote
The best words I could write
Turn, turn, turn again
Explaining to the judge
I'd be there on Wednesday night
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

Without a reply
I left by the moon
Turn, turn, turn again
And was in his chambers
By the next afternoon
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

Could ya tell me the facts?
I said without fear
Turn, turn, turn again
That a friend of mine
Would get ninety-nine years
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

A crash on the highway
Flew the car to a field
Turn, turn, turn again
There was four persons killed
And he was at the wheel
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

But I knew him as good
As I'm knowin' myself
Turn, turn, turn again
And he wouldn't harm a life
That belonged to someone else
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

The judge spoke
Out of the side of his mouth
Turn, turn, turn again
Sayin', "The witness who saw
He left little doubt"
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

That may be true
He's got a sentence to serve
Turn, turn, turn again
But ninety-nine years
He just don't deserve
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

Too late, too late
For his case it is sealed
Turn, turn, turn again
His sentence is passed
And it cannot be repealed
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

But he ain't no criminal
And his crime it is none
Turn, turn, turn again
What happened to him
Could happen to anyone
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

And at that the judge jerked forward
And his face it did freeze
Turn, turn, turn again
Sayin', "Could you kindly leave
My office now, please"
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

Well his eyes looked funny
And I stood up so slow
Turn, turn, turn again
With no other choice
Except for to go
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

I walked down the hallway
And I heard his door slam
Turn, turn, turn again
I walked down the courthouse stairs
And I did not understand
Turn, turn to the rain
And the wind

And I played my guitar
Through the night to the day
Turn, turn, turn again
And the only tune
My guitar could play
Was, "Oh the Cruel Rain
And the Wind"/nI'm ready for the broom
Please, Mrs. Henry, won't you
Take me to my room?
I'm a good ol' boy
But I've been sniffin' too many eggs
Talkin' to many people
Drinkin' too many kegs
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
I'm down on my knees
An' I ain't got a dime

Well, I'm groanin' in a hallway
Pretty soon I'll be mad
Please, Mrs. Henry, won't you
Take me to your dad?
I can drink like a fish
I can crawl like a snake
I can bite like a turkey
I can slam like a drake
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
I'm down on my knees
An' I ain't got a dime

Now, don't crowd me, lady
Or I'll fill up your shoe
I'm a sweet bourbon daddy
An' tonight I am blue
I'm a thousand years old
And I'm a generous bomb
I'm T-boned and punctured
But I've been known to be calm
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
I'm down on my knees
An' I ain't got a dime

Now, I'm startin' to drain
My stool's gonna squeak
If I walk too much farther
My crane's gonna leak
Look, Mrs. Henry
There's only so much I can do
Why don't you look my way
An' pump me a few?
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
I'm down on my knees
An' I ain't got a dime/nI got a poison headache, but I feel alright
I'm pledging my time to you
Hopin' you'll come through too

Well, the hobo got too high and he came to me naturally
He stole my baby, then he wanted to steal me
I'm pledging my time to you
Hopin' you'll come through too

Won't you come with me, baby, I'll take you where you wanna go
And if it don't work out, you'll be the first to know
I'm pledging my time to you
Hopin' you'll come through too

Well, the room is so stuffy I can hardly breathe
Everybody's gone but me and you, and I can't be the last to leave
I'm pledging my time to you
Hopin' you'll come through too

Well, they sent for the ambulance, then one was sent
Somebody got lucky, but it was an accident
I'm pledging my time to you
Hopin' you'll come through too/nSays  I say, 
Po' boy, where you been?
Already told you, won't tell you again

I say, 
Man says,  I say, 
Po' boy, never say die
Things will be all right, bye and bye

Workin' like in a main line, workin' like a devil
The game is the same it's just up on another level
Po' boy, dressed in black
Police at your back

Po' boy in a red hot town
Out beyond the twinklin' stars
Ridin' first class train, makin' the rounds
Try to keep from fallin' between the cars

Othello told Desdemona 
She said, 
Po' boy, layin' 'em straight
Pickin' up the cherries fallin' off the plate

Time and love has branded me with its claws
Had to go to Florida, dodgin' them Georgia laws
Po' boy in the hotel called the Palace of Gloom
Called down to room service, says, 

My mother was the daughter of a wealthy farmer
My father was a traveling salesman, I never met him
When my mother died my uncle took me in, he run a funeral parlor
He did a lot of nice things for me and I won't forget him

All I know is that I'm thrilled by your kiss
I don't know any more than this
Po' boy, pickin' up sticks
Build you a house out of mortar and bricks

Knockin' on the door, I say, 
Man say , I say 
He say, 
Po' boy 'neath the stars that shine
Washin' them dishes, feedin' them swine/nLove don't have any place
We're living in times where men commit crimes
And crime don't have a face

We live in a political world
Icicles hanging down
Wedding bells ring and angels sing
And clouds cover up the ground

We live in a political world
Wisdom is thrown into jail
It rots in a cell, misguided as hell
Leaving no one to pick up a trail

We live in a political world
Where mercy walks the plank
Life is in mirrors, death disappears
Up the steps into the nearest bank

We live in a political world
Where courage is a thing of the past
Houses are haunted, children are unwanted
The next day could be your last

We live in a political world
The one we can see and can feel
But there's no one to check, it's all a stacked deck
We all know for sure that it's real

We live in a political world
The cities of a lonesome fear
Little by little you turn in the middle
But you're never sure why you're here

We live in a political world
Under the microscope
You can travel anywhere and hang yourself there
You always got more than enough rope

We live in a political world
Turning and a'thrashing about
As soon as you're awake, you're trained to take
What looks like the easy way out

We live in a political world
Where peace is not welcome at all
It's turned away from the door to wander some more
Or put up against the wall

We live in a political world
Everything is hers or his
Climb into the frame and shout God's name
But you're never sure what it is/nWhere'd ya sleep last night?
Cain't ya hear me cryin'?
Hm, hm, hm.

Hey, tell me baby,
What's the matter here?
Cain't ya hear me cryin'?
Hm, hm, hm.

Hey, stop your train,
Let a poor boy ride.
Cain't ya hear me cryin'?
Hm, hm, hm.

Hey, Mister Bartender,
I swear I'm not too young.
Cain't ya hear me cryin'?
Hm, hm, hm.

Blow your whistle, policeman,
My poor feet are trained to run.
Cain't ya hear me cryin'?
Hm, hm, hm.

Long-distance operator,
I hear this phone call is on the house.
Cain't ya hear me cryin'?
Hm, hm, hm.

Ashes and diamonds,
The diff'rence I cain't see.
Cain't ya hear me cryin'?
Hm, hm, hm./nNone/nTo say you are my friend
When I was down
You just stood there grinning

You got a lotta nerve
To say you got a helping hand to lend
You just want to be on
The side that's winning

You say I let you down
You know it's not like that
If you're so hurt
Why then don't you show it?

You say you lost your faith
But that's not where it's at
You had no faith to lose
And you know it

I know the reason
That you talk behind my back
I used to be among the crowd
You're in with

Do you take me for such a fool
To think I'd make contact
With the one who tries to hide
What he don't know to begin with?

You see me on the street
You always act surprised
You say, "How are you?", "Good luck"
But you don't mean it

When you know as well as me
You'd rather see me paralyzed
Why don't you just come out once
And scream it?

No, I do not feel that good
When I see the heartbreaks you embrace
If I was a master thief
Perhaps I'd rob them

And know I know you're dissatisfied
With your position and your place
Don't you understand
It's not my problem?

I wish that for just one time
You could stand inside my shoes
And just for that one moment
I could be you

Yes, I wish that for just one time
You could stand inside my shoes
You'd know what a drag it is
To see you/nHow was I to know you'd be the one
To show me I was blinded, to show me I was gone
How weak was the foundation I was standing upon?

Now there's spiritual warfare and flesh and blood breaking down.
You either got faith or you got unbelief and there ain't no neutral ground.
The enemy is subtle, how be it we are so deceived
When the truth's in our hearts and we still don't believe?

Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
You know I just couldn't make it by myself.
I'm a little too blind to see.

My so-called friends have fallen under a spell.
They look me squarely in the eye and they say, All is well.
Can they imagine the darkness that will fall from on high
When men will beg God to kill them and they won't be able to die?

Sister, lemme tell you about a vision I saw.
You were drawing water for your husband, you were suffering under the law.
You were telling him about Buddha, you were telling him about Mohammed
in the same breath.
You never mentioned one time the Man who came and died a criminal's death.

Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
You know I just couldn't make it by myself.
I'm a little too blind to see.

Precious angel, you believe me when I say
What God has given to us no man can take away.
We are covered in blood, girl, you know our forefathers were slaves.
Let us hope they've found mercy in their bone-filled graves.

You're the queen of my flesh, girl, you're my woman, you're my delight,
You're the lamp of my soul, girl, and you torch up the night.
But there's violence in the eyes, girl, so let us not be enticed
On the way out of Egypt, through Ethiopia, to the judgment hall of Christ.

Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
You know I just couldn't make it by myself.
I'm a little too blind to see./nYes, I'm pressing on
Well I'm pressing on
To the higher calling of my Lord.

Many try to stop me, shake me up in my mind,
Say, "Prove to me that He is Lord, show me a sign."
What kind of sign they need when it all come from within,
When what's lost has been found, what's to come has already been?

Well I'm pressing on
Yes, I'm pressing on
Well I'm pressing on
To the higher calling of my Lord.

Shake the dust off of your feet, don't look back.
Nothing now can hold you down, nothing that you lack.
Temptation's not an easy thing, Adam given the devil reign
Because he sinned I got no choice, it run in my vein.

Well I'm pressing on
Yes, I'm pressing on
Well I'm pressing on
To the higher calling of my Lord./nBecause he has denied himself the things that you can't live without
Laugh at him behind his back just like the others do
Remind him of what he used to be when he comes walkin' through

He's the property of Jesus
Resent him to the bone
You got something better
You've got a heart of stone

Stop your conversation when he passes on the street
Hope he falls upon himself, oh, won't that be sweet
Because he can't be exploited by superstition anymore
Because he can't be bribed or bought by the things that you adore

He's the property of Jesus
Resent him to the bone
You got something better
You've got a heart of stone

When the whip that's keeping you in line doesn't make him jump
Say he's hard-of-hearin', say that he's a chump
Say he's out of step with reality as you try to test his nerve
Because he doesn't pay no tribute to the king that you serve

He's the property of Jesus
Resent him to the bone
You got something better
You've got a heart of stone

Say that he's a loser 'cause he got no common sense
Because he don't increase his worth at someone else's expense
Because he's not afraid of trying, 'cause he don't look at you and smile
'Cause he doesn't tell you jokes or fairy tales, say he's got no style

He's the property of Jesus
Resent him to the bone
You got something better
You've got a heart of stone

You can laugh at salvation, you can play Olympic games
You think that when you rest at last you'll go back from where you came
But you've picked up quite a story and you've changed since the womb
What happened to the real you, you've been captured but by whom?

He's the property of Jesus
Resent him to the bone
You got something better
You've got a heart of stone/nAnd your father to your sister he explains
That you're tired of yourself and all of your creations
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?

Now when all of the flower ladies want back what they have lent you
And the smell of their roses does not remain
And all of your children start to resent you
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?

Now when all the clowns that you have commissioned
Have died in battle or in vain
And you're sick of all this repetition
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?

Oh when all of your advisers heave their plastic
At your feet to convince you of your pain
Trying to prove that your conclusions should be more drastic
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?

Now when all of the bandits that you turn your other cheek to
All lay down their bandanas and complain
And you want somebody you don't have to speak to
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?
Ah, Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?/nSome are building monuments
Others, jotting down notes

Everybody's in despair
Every girl and boy
But when Quinn the Eskimo gets here
Everybody's gonna jump for joy

Oh, come all without, come all within
You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn
Come all without, come all within
You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn

Oh y'know, I like to do just like the rest
Y'know, I like my sugar sweet
But jumping queues and making haste
Y'know, ain't my cup of meat

Everybody's out there
Feeding pigeons out on a limb
When Quinn the Eskimo gets here
The pigeons gonna run to him

Oh, come all without, come all within
Yeah, you'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn
Come all without, come all within
You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn
Whoah, guitar now

Cat's mew and cow's meow
Y'know, I can recite 'em all
Tell me where it hurts you, honey
I'll tell you who to call

Nobody can get any sleep
Y'know their stepping on everybody's toes
Quinn the Eskimo gets here
Everybody's gonna wanna dose

Oh, come all without, come all within
You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn
Oh, come all without, come all within
You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn/nYou can fall down on your knees, pretty mama,
And pray to the Lord
But it ain't gonna do no good.

You're gonna need
You're gonna need my help someday
Well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
Please quit your low down ways.

Well, you can run down to the White House,
You can gaze at the Capitol Dome, pretty mama,
You can pound on the President's gate
But you oughta know by now it's gonna be too late.

You're gonna need
You're gonna need my help someday
Well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
Please quit your low down ways.

Well, you can run down to the desert,
Throw yourself on the burning sand.
You can raise up your right hand, pretty mama,
But you better understand you done lost your one good man.

You're gonna need
You're gonna need my help someday
Well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
Please quit your low down ways.

And you can hitchhike on the highway,
You can stand all alone by the side of the road.
You can try to flag a ride back home, pretty mama,
But you can't ride in my car no more.

You're gonna need
You're gonna need my help someday
Well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
Please quit your low down ways.

Oh, you can read out your Bible,
You can fall down on your knees, pretty mama,
And pray to the Lord
But it ain't gonna do no good.

You're gonna need
You're gonna need my help someday
Well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
Please quit your low down ways./nNone/nNone/nAbout the greatest gambler, you all should know him well.
His name was Will O' Conley and he gambled all his life,
He had twenty-seven children, yet he never had a wife.
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Wherever you are a-gamblin' now, nobody really knows.

He gambled in the White House and in the railroad yards,
Wherever there was people, there was Willie and his cards.
He had a reputation as the gamblin'est man around,
Wives would keep their husbands home when Willie came to town.
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Wherever you are a-gamblin' now, nobody really knows.

Sailin' down the Mississippi to a town called New Orleans,
They're still talkin' about their card game on that Jackson River Queen.
"I've come to win some money," Gamblin' Willie says,
When the game finally ended up, the whole damn boat was his.
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Wherever you are a-gamblin' now, nobody really knows.

Up in the Rocky Mountains in a town called Cripple Creek,
There was an all-night poker game, lasted about a week.
Nine hundred miners had laid their money down,
When Willie finally left the room, he owned the whole damn town.
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Wherever you are a-gamblin' now, nobody really knows.

But Willie had a heart of gold and this I know is true,
He supported all his children, and all their mothers too.
He wore no rings or fancy things, like other gamblers wore,
He spread his money far and wide, to help the sick and the poor.
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Wherever you are a-gamblin' now, nobody really knows.

When you played your cards with Willie, you never really knew
Whether he was bluffin' or whether he was true.
He won a fortune from a man who folded in his chair.
The man, he left a diamond flush, Willie didn't even have a pair.
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Wherever you are a-gamblin' now, nobody really knows.

It was late one evenin' during a poker game,
A man lost all his money, he said Willie was to blame.
He shot poor Willie through the head, which was a tragic fate,
When Willie's cards fell on the floor, they were aces backed with eights.
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Wherever you are a-gamblin' now, nobody really knows.

So all you rovin' gamblers, wherever you might be,
The moral of this story is very plain to see.
Make your money while you can, before you have to stop,
For when you pull that dead man's hand, your gamblin' days are up.
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Wherever you are a-gamblin' now, nobody really knows./nNone/nIn the moonlight shooting by
Some of us scare ourselves to death in the dark
To be where the angels fly
Pretty maids all in a row lined up
Outside my cabin door
I've never wanted any of them wanting me
'Cept the girl from the Red River shore

Well, I sat by her side and for a while I tried
To make that girl my wife
She gave me her best advice and she said
"Go home and lead a quiet life."
Well, I've been to the East and I've been to the West
And I've been out where the black winds roar
Somehow, though, I never did get that far
With the girl from the Red River shore

Well, I knew when I first laid eyes on her
I could never be free
One look at her and I knew right away
She should always be with me
Well, the dream dried up a long time ago
Don't know where it is anymore
True to life, true to me
Was the girl from the Red River shore

Now I'm wearing the cloak of misery
And I've tasted jilted love
And the frozen smile upon my face
Fits me like a glove
But I can't escape from the memory
Of the one that I'll always adore
All those nights when I lay in the arms
Of the girl from the Red River shore

Well, we're living in the shadows of a fading past
Trapped in the fires of time
I've tried not to ever hurt anybody
And to stay out of a life of crime
And when it's all been said and done
I never did know the score
One more day is another day away
From the girl from the Red River shore

Well, I'm a stranger here in a strange land
But I know this is where I belong
I'll ramble and gamble for the one I love
And the hills will give me a song
Though nothing looks familiar to me
I know I've stayed here before
Once, a thousand nights ago
With the girl from the Red River shore

Well, I went back to see about it once
Went back to straighten it out
Everybody that I talked to had seen us there
Said they didn't know who I was talking about
Well, the sun went down on me a long time ago
I've had to pull back from the door
I wish I could have spent every hour of my life
With the girl from the Red River shore

Now, I've heard of a guy who lived a long time ago
A man full of sorrow and strife
That if someone around him died and was dead
He knew how to bring 'em on back to life
Well, I don't know what kind of language he used
Or if they do that kind of thing anymore
Sometimes I think nobody ever saw me here at all
'Cept the girl from the Red River shore/nBe it mine right or wrongfully
I let it slip gladly to my friends
To tie up the time most forcefully

But the bottles are done, we've killed each one
And the table's full and overflowed
And the corner sign says it's closing time
So I'll bid farewell and be down the road

Oh, every girl that ever I've touched
I did not do it harmfully
And every girl that ever I've hurt
I did not do it knowingly

But to remain as friends
You need the time to make amends and stay behind
And since my feet are now fast and point away from the past
I'll bid farewell and be down the line

Oh, every foe that ever I faced
The cause was there before we came
And every cause that ever I fought
I fought it full without regret or shame

But the dark does die
As the curtain is drawn and somebody's eyes must meet the dawn
And if I see the day I'd only have to stay
So I'll bid farewell in the night and be gone

Oh, every thought that's strung a knot in my mind
I might go insane if it couldn't be sprung
But it's not to stand naked under unknowing eyes
It's for myself and my friends my stories are sung

But the time ain't tall
Yet on time you depend and no word is possessed by no special friend
And though the line is cut, it ain't quite the end
I'll just bid farewell 'til we meet again

Oh, a false clock tries to tick out my time
To disgrace, distract, and bother me
And the dirt of gossip blows into my face
And the dust of rumors covers me

But if the arrow is straight and the point is slick
It can pierce through dust, no matter how thick
So I'll make my stand and remain as I am
And bid farewell and not give a damn/nFrom the city that dreams,
Ring them bells from the sanctuaries
Cross the valleys and streams,
For they're deep and they're wide
And the world's on its side
And time is running backwards
And so is the bride.

Ring them bells St. Peter
Where the four winds blow,
Ring them bells with an iron hand
So the people will know.
Oh it's rush hour now
On the wheel and the plow
And the sun is going down
Upon the sacred cow.

Ring them bells Sweet Martha,
For the poor man's son,
Ring them bells so the world will know
That God is one.
Oh the shepherd is asleep
Where the willows weep
And the mountains are filled
With lost sheep.

Ring them bells for the blind and the deaf,
Ring them bells for all of us who are left,
Ring them bells for the chosen few
Who will judge the many when the game is through.
Ring them bells, for the time that flies,
For the child that cries
When innocence dies.

Ring them bells St. Catherine
From the top of the room,
Ring them from the fortress
For the lilies that bloom.
Oh the lines are long
And the fighting is strong
And they're breaking down the distance
Between right and wrong./nYou got your body in the way
You're so damn nonchalant
But it's your mind that I want

You got me huffin' and a-puffin'
Next to you I feel like nothin' Rita May

Rita May, Rita May
How'd you ever get that way?
When do you ever see the light?
Don't you ever feel a fright?

You got me burnin' and I'm turnin'
But I know I must be learnin' Rita May

All my friends have told me
If I hang around with you that I'll go blind
But when you hold me
I know there must be somethin' on your mind

Rita May, Rita May
Won't you come out and play?
[Incomprehensible] where you been?
What's that crazy place you're in?

I'm gonna have to go to college
'Cause you are the book of knowledge Rita May

All my friends have told me
If I hang around with you that I'll go blind
But I know when you hold me
That there really must be somethin' on your mind

Rita May, Rita May
You got your body in the way
You're so damn nonchalant
It's your mind that I want

I'm gonna have to go to college
'Cause you are the book of knowledge Rita May/n/nMake a solid road
Takes rocks and gravel, baby, make a solid road
Make a solid road

Takes a good woman mama
To satisfy my weary soul

Have you ever been down on that Mobil and K. C. Line
Have you ever been down on that Mobil and K. C. Line?

Well I just wanna ask you
If you seen that gal of mine
Don't the clouds look lonesome shining across the sea
Don't the clouds look lonesome shining across the sea
Don't my gal look good
When she's comin' after me?/nNone/nI rolled and I tumbled, I cried the whole night long
Woke up this mornin', I must have bet my money wrong

I got troubles so hard, I can't stand the strain
I got troubles so hard, I just can't stand the strain
Some young lazy slut has charmed away my brains

The landscape is glowin', gleamin' in the golden light of day
The landscape is glowin', gleamin' in the golden light of day
I ain't holdin' nothin' back now, I ain't standin' in anybody's way

Well, I did all I know just to keep you off my mind
Well, I did all I know just to keep you off my mind
Well, I paid and I paid, my sufferin' heart is always on the line

Well, I get up in the dawn and I go down and lay in the shade
I get up in the dawn and I go down and lay in the shade
I ain't nobody's house boy, I ain't nobody's well trained maid

I'm flat out spent, this woman been drivin' me to tears
I'm flat out spent, this woman she been drivin' me to tears
This woman so crazy, I swear I ain't gonna touch another one for years

Well, the warm weather's comin' and the buds are on the vine
The warm weather's comin', the buds are on the vine
Ain't nothing so depressing as trying to satisfy this woman of mine

I got up this mornin', saw the rising sun return
Well, I got up this mornin', see the rising sun return
Sooner or later, you too shall burn

The night's filled with shadows, the years are filled with early doom
The night is filled with shadows, the years are filled with early doom
I've been conjuring up all these long dead souls from their crumblin' tombs

Let's forgive each other darlin', let's go down to the greenwood glen
Let's forgive each other darlin', let's go down to the greenwood glen
Let's put our heads together now, let's put all old matters to an end

Well, I rolled and I tumbled and I cried the whole night long
Ah, I rolled and I tumbled and I cried the whole night long
I woke up this morning, I think I must be traveling wrong/nAnother bottle's empty, another penny spent
He turned around and he slowly walked away
They shot him in the back and down he went

Shine your light
Move it on
You burn so bright
Roll on John

From the Liverpool docks to the red light Hamburg streets
Down in the quarry with the Quarrymen
Playing to the big crowds, playing to the cheap seats
Another day in the life on your way to your journey's end

Shine your light
Move it on
You burn so bright
Roll on John

Sailing through the trade winds bound for the South
Rags on your back just like any other slave
They tied your hands and they clamped your mouth
Wasn't no way out of that deep dark cave

Shine your light
Move it on
You burn so bright
Roll on John

I heard the news today, oh boy
They hauled your ship up on the shore
Now the city gone dark, there is no more joy
They tore the heart right out and cut it to the core

Shine your light
Move it on
You burn so bright
Roll on John

Put on your bags and get 'em packed
Leave right now you won't be far from wrong
The sooner you go, the quicker you'll be back
You've been cooped up on an island far too long

Shine your light
Move it on
You burn so bright
Roll on John

Slow down you're moving way too fast
Come together right now over me
Your bones are weary, you're about to breathe your last
Lord, you know how hard that it can be

Shine your light
Move it on
You burn so bright
Roll on John

Roll on John, roll through the rain and snow
Take the righthand road and go where the buffaloes roam
They'll trap you in an ambush 'fore you know
Too late now to sail back home

Shine your light
Move it on
You burn so bright
Roll on John

Tyger, Tyger burning bright
I pray the lord my soul to keep
In the forest of the night
Cover him over and let him sleep

Shine your light
Move it on
You burn so bright
Roll on John/nDust on my face and my cape,
Me and Magdalena on the run
I think this time we shall escape.

Sold my guitar to the baker's son
For a few crumbs and a place to hide,
But I can get another one
And I'll play for Magdalena as we ride.

No llores, mi querida
Dios nos vigila
Soon the horse will take us to Durango.
Agarrame, mi vida
Soon the desert will be gone
Soon you will be dancing the fandango.

Past the Aztec ruins and the ghosts of our people
Hoofbeats like castanets on stone.
At night I dream of bells in the village steeple
Then I see the bloody face of Ramon.

Was it me that shot him down in the cantina
Was it my hand that held the gun?
Come, let us fly, my Magdalena
The dogs are barking and what's done is done.

No llores, mi querida
Dios nos vigila
Soon the horse will take us to Durango.
Agarrame, mi vida
Soon the desert will be gone
Soon you will be dancing the fandango.

At the corrida we'll sit in the shade
And watch the young torero stand alone.
We'll drink tequila where our grandfathers stayed
When they rode with Villa into Torreon.

Then the padre will recite the prayers of old
In the little church this side of town.
I will wear new boots and an earring of gold
You'll shine with diamonds in your wedding gown.

The way is long but the end is near
Already the fiesta has begun.
The face of God will appear
With His serpent eyes of obsidian.

No llores, mi querida
Dios nos vigila
Soon the horse will take us to Durango.
Agarrame, mi vida
Soon the desert will be gone
Soon you will be dancing the fandango.

Was that the thunder that I heard?
My head is vibrating, I feel a sharp pain
Come sit by me, don't say a word
Oh, can it be that I am slain?

Quick, Magdalena, take my gun
Look up in the hills, that flash of light.
Aim well my little one
We may not make it through the night.

No llores, mi querida
Dios nos vigila
Soon the horse will take us to Durango.
Agarrame, mi vida
Soon the desert will be gone
Soon you will be dancing the fandango./nNone/nAnd your eyes like smoke and your prayers like rhymes
And your silver cross and your voice like chimes
Oh, who do they think could bury you?

With your pockets well-protected at last
And your streetcar visions which you place on the grass
And your flesh like silk and your face like glass
Who could they get to carry you?

Sad-eyed lady of the lowlands
Where the sad-eyed prophet says that no man comes
My warehouse eyes, my Arabian drums
Should I put them by your gate, or sad-eyed lady, should I wait?

With your sheets like metal and your belt like lace
And your deck of cards missing the jack and the ace
And your basement clothes and your hollow face
Who among them did think he could outguess you?

With your silhouette when the sunlight dims
Into your eyes where the moonlight swims
And your matchbook songs and your gypsy hymns
Who among them would try to impress you?

Sad-eyed lady of the lowlands
Where the sad-eyed prophet says that no man comes
My warehouse eyes, my Arabian drums
Should I put them by your gate, or sad-eyed lady, should I wait?

The kings of Tyrus, with their convict list
Are waiting in line for their geranium kiss
And you wouldn't know it would have happened like this
But who among them really wants just to kiss you?

With your childhood flames on your midnight rug
And your Spanish manners and your mother's drugs
And your cowboy mouth and your curfew plugs
Who among them do you think could resist you?

Sad-eyed lady of the lowlands
Where the sad-eyed prophet says that no man comes
My warehouse eyes, my Arabian drums
Should I put them by your gate, or sad-eyed lady, should I wait?

Oh, the farmers and the businessmen, they all did decide
To show you where the dead angels are that they used to hide
But why did they pick you to sympathize with their side?
How could they ever mistake you?

They wished you'd accepted the blame for the farm
But with the sea at your feet and the phony false alarm
And with the child of the hoodlum wrapped up in your arms
How could they ever have persuaded you?

Sad-eyed lady of the lowlands
Where the sad-eyed prophet says that no man's come
My warehouse eyes, my Arabian drums
Should I put them by your gate, or sad-eyed lady, should I wait?

With your sheet metal memory of Cannery Row
And your magazine husband who one day just had to go
And your gentleness now, which you just can't help but show
Who among them do you think would employ you?

Now you stand with your thief, you're on his parole
With your holy medallion in your fingertips now enfold
And your saintlike face and your ghostlike soul
Who among them could ever think he could destroy you?

Sad-eyed lady of the lowlands
Where the sad-eyed prophet says that no man comes
My warehouse eyes, my Arabian drums
Should I put them by your gate, or sad-eyed lady, should I wait?/nI'm gonna git you, Sally gal
I'm gonna git you, Sally gal
I'm gonna git you, Sally gal.

Well, I'm just one of them ramblin' men
Ramblin' since I don't know when
Here I come and I'm a-gone again
Sally says it got no end.

I'm gonna git you, Sally gal
I'm gonna git you, Sally gal
I'm gonna git you, Sally gal
I'm gonna git you, Sally gal.

Well, that long old train round the road
Sally says i'm bound to go
Sally says i'm bound to go
Sally she hard to know.

I'm gonna git you, Sally gal
I'm gonna git you, Sally gal
I'm gonna git you, Sally gal
I'm gonna git you, Sally gal./nDear, dear, dear, dear, dear Sante Fe
My woman needs every day
She promised to let me stay
She's rollin' up a knot to pray to gods away

She's in Sante Fe
Dear, dear, dear, dear, dear Sante Fe.
Now she opens up and let's me home
She's brown but she keeps from roam
She'll open up a happy home
She'll think when will that be warm in Sante Fe.

Sante Fe
Dear, dear, dear, dear Sante Fe
She's arms never teach to roam
They're never, never far from home
I'll never ever, ever roam
To sail away

She's all feel bad
No no no no don't don't don't feel bad
She's the worst thing he's ever had
She's a mad, man that he's so glad
She's over above the hat to bad
She's never disappear so bad
I went away.

Sante Fe
Dear, dear, dear, dear, dear, dear Sante Fe
My own heart's in delay
I won't have a nature way
And I'm leavin' every day to run away
From Sante Fe

Dear, dear, dear, dear, dear Sante Fe.
My woman's left sittin' at home
She's actin' the police unknown
She cried like an evening stone
She leap back under a broom
But she ain't gonna find a room
And the tears send her on own ever day./nWhen the children were babies and played on the beach.
You came up behind me, I saw you go by,
You were always so close and still within reach.

Sara, Sara,
Whatever made you want to change your mind?
Sara, Sara,
So easy to look at, so hard to define.

I can still see them playin' with their pails in the sand,
They run to the water their buckets to fill.
I can still see the shells fallin' out of their hands
As they follow each other back up the hill.

Sara, Sara,
Sweet virgin angel, sweet love of my life,
Sara, Sara,
Radiant jewel, a mystical wife.

Sleepin' in the woods by a fire in the night,
Drinkin' white rum in a Portugal bar,
Them playin' leapfrog and hearin' about Snow White,
You in the marketplace in Savanna-la-Mar.

Sara, Sara,
It's all so clear, I could never forget,
Sara, Sara,
Lovin' you is the one thing I'll never regret.

I can still hear the sounds of those Methodist bells,
I'd taken the cure and had just gotten through,
Stayin' up for days in the Chelsea Hotel,
Writin' "Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands" for you.

Sara, Sara,
Wherever we travel we're never apart.
Sara, oh Sara,
Beautiful lady, so dear to my heart.

How did I meet you? I don't know.
A messenger sent me in a tropical storm.
You were there in the winter, moonlight on the snow
And on Lily Pond Lane when the weather was warm.

Sara, oh Sara,
Scorpio Sphinx in a calico dress,
Sara, Sara,
Ya must forgive me my unworthiness.

Now the beach is deserted except for some kelp
And a piece of an old ship that lies on the shore.
You always responded when I needed your help,
You gave me a map and a key to your door.

Sara, oh Sara,
Glamorous nymph with an arrow and bow,
Sara, oh Sara,
Don't ever leave me, don't ever go./nI'm gonna take a trip on the big McMillan
With Sarah Jane
Sarah Jane
Ain't nothin' to do
But to set down and sing
And rock about my Sarah Jane

Whistle done blows and the fiddler squalls
Captain gone through the hole-in-the-wall
Oh Sarah Jane
Sarah Jane
Ain't nothin' to do
But to set down and sing
And rock about my Sarah Jane

The engine gave a crack and the whistle gave a squall
Captain gone through the hole-in-the-wall
Oh Sarah Jane
Sarah Jane
Ain't nothin' to do
But to set down and sing
And rock about my Sarah Jane

Yankee built boats to shoot them Rebels
My gun's steady gonna hold it level
Sarah Jane
Sarah Jane
Ain't nothin' to do
But to set down and sing
And rock about my Sarah Jane

I've got a wife and five little children
I'm gonna take a trip on the big McMillan
Sarah Jane
Sarah Jane
Ain't nothin' to do
But to set down and sing
And rock about my Sarah Jane/nBorn already ruined
Stone-cold dead
As I stepped out of the womb
By His grace I have been touched
By His word I have been healed
By His hand I've been delivered
By His spirit I've been sealed

I've been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And I'm so glad
Yes, I'm so glad
I'm so glad
So glad
I want to thank You, Lord
I just want to thank You, Lord
Thank You, Lord

By His truth I can be upright
By His strength I do endure
By His power I've been lifted
In His love I am secure
He bought me with a price
Freed me from the pit
Full of emptiness and wrath
And the fire that burns in it

I've been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And I'm so glad
Yes, I'm so glad
I'm so glad
So glad
I want to thank You, Lord
I just want to thank You, Lord
Thank You, Lord

Nobody to rescue me
Nobody would dare
I was going down for the last time
But by His mercy I've been spared
Not by works
But by faith in Him who called
For so long I've been hindered
For so long I've been stalled

I've been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And I'm so glad
Yes, I'm so glad, I'm so glad
So glad, I want to thank You, Lord
I just want to thank You, Lord
Thank You, Lord/nGuess I owe You some kind of apology.
I've escaped death so many times, I know I'm only living
By the saving grace that's over me.

By this time I'd-a thought I would be sleeping
In a pine box for all eternity.
My faith keeps me alive, but I still be weeping
For the saving grace that's over me.

Well, the death of life, then come the resurrection,
Wherever I am welcome is where I'll be.
I put all my confidence in Him, my sole protection
Is the saving grace that's over me.

Well, the devil's shining light, it can be most blinding,
But to search for love, that ain't no more than vanity.
As I look around this world all that I'm finding
Is the saving grace that's over me.

The wicked know no peace and you just can't fake it,
There's only one road and it leads to Calvary.
It gets discouraging at times, but I know I'll make it
By the saving grace that's over me./nThere's ivy leaf and silver thorn
The streets have names that you can't pronounce
Gold is down to a quarter an ounce

The music starts and the people sway
Everybody says, "Are you going my way?"
Uncle Tom still working for Uncle Bill
Scarlet Town is under the hill

Scarlet Town in the month of May
Sweet William on his deathbed lay
Mistress Mary by the side of the bed
Kissing his face, heaping prayers on his head

So brave, so true, so gentle is he
I'll weep for him as he'd weep for me
Little Boy Blue come blow your horn
In Scarlet Town where I was born

Scarlet Town in the hot noon hours
There's palm-leaf shadows and scattered flowers
Beggars crouching at the gate
Help comes but it comes too late

On marble slabs and in fields of stone
You make your humble wishes known
I touched the garment but the hem was torn
In Scarlet Town where I was born

In Scarlet Town the end is near
The seven wonders of the world are here
The evil and the good living side by side
All human forms seem glorified

Put your heart on a platter and see who'll bite
See who'll hold you and kiss you good night
There's walnut groves and maplewood
In Scarlet Town cryin' won't do no good

In Scarlet Town you fight your father's foes
Up on the hill a chilly wind blows
You fight 'em on high and you fight 'em down in
You fight 'em with whiskey, morphine and gin

You got legs that can drive men mad
A lot of things we didn't do that I wish we had
In Scarlet Town the sky is clear
You'll wish to God that you stayed right here

Set 'em up Joe, play Walking the Floor
Play it for my flat-chested junky whore
I'm staying up late, and I'm making amends
While the smile from Heaven descends

If love is a sin, then beauty is a crime
All things are beautiful in their time
The black and the white, the yellow and the brown
It's all right there for ya in Scarlet Town/nBut it looks like it don't.
I'd like to get you to change your mind
But it looks like you won't.

From now on I'll be busy,
Ain't goin' nowhere fast.
I'm just glad it's over
And I'm seeing the real you at last.

Well, didn't I risk my neck for you,
Didn't I take chances?
Didn't I rise above it all for you,
The most unfortunate circumstances?

Well, I have had some rotten nights,
Didn't think that they would pass.
I'm just thankful and grateful
To be seeing the real you at last.

I'm hungry and I'm irritable
And I'm tired of this bag of tricks.
At one time there was nothing wrong with me
That you could not fix.

Well, I sailed through the storm
Strapped to the mast,
But the time has come
And I'm seeing the real you at last.

When I met you, baby,
You didn't show no visible scars.
You could ride like Annie Oakley,
You could shoot like Belle Starr.

Well, I don't mind a reasonable amount of trouble,
Trouble always comes to pass
But all I care about now
Is that I'm seeing the real you at last.

Well, I'm gonna quit this baby talk now,
I guess I should have known.
I got troubles, I think maybe you got troubles,
I think maybe we'd better leave each other alone.

Whatever you gonna do,
Please do it fast.
I'm still trying to get used to
Seeing the real you at last./nWhere nothing comes up to the top.
Everything stays down where it's wounded
And comes to a permanent stop.
Wasn't thinking of anything specific,
Like in a dream, when someone wakes up and screams.
Nothing truly very scientific,
Just thinking of a series of dreams.

Thinking of a series of dreams
Where the time and the tempo drag,
And there's no exit in any direction
'Cept the one that you can't see with your eyes.
Wasn't making any great connections,
Wasn't falling for any intricate schemes.
Nothing that would pass inspection,
Just thinking of a series of dreams.

Dreams where the umbrella is folded,
And into the path you are hurled,
And the cards are no good that you're holding
Unless they're from another world.

In one, the surface was frozen.
In another, I witnessed a crime.
In one, I was running, and in another
All I seemed to be doing was climb.
Wasn't looking for any special assistance,
Not going to any great extremes.
I'd already gone the distance,
Just thinking of a series of dreams.

Dreams where the umbrella is folded,
And into the path you are hurled,
And the cards are no good that you're holding
Unless they're from another world.

I'd already gone the distance,
Just thinking of a series of dreams.
Just thinking of a series of dreams.
Just thinking of a series of dreams./nBut they caught him and they brought him back
And they laid him down on the jailhouse ground
With an iron chain around his neck.

Old Reilly's daughter got a message
That her father was goin' to hang.
She rode by night and came by morning
With gold and silver in her hand.

When the judge he saw Reilly's daughter
His old eyes deepened in his head,
Sayin', "Gold will never free your father,
The price, my dear, is you instead."

"Oh I'm as good as dead," cried Reilly,
"It's only you that he does crave
And my skin will surely crawl if he touches you at all.
Get on your horse and ride away."

"Oh father you will surely die
If I don't take the chance to try
And pay the price and not take your advice.
For that reason I will have to stay."

The gallows shadows shook the evening,
In the night a hound dog bayed,
In the night the grounds were groanin',
In the night the price was paid.

The next mornin' she had awoken
To find that the judge had never spoken.
She saw that hangin' branch a-bendin',
She saw her father's body broken.

These be seven curses on a judge so cruel:
That one doctor can not save him,
That two healers can not heal him,
That three eyes can not see him.

That four ears can not hear him,
That five walls can not hide him,
That six diggers can not bury him
And that seven deaths shall never kill him./nI'll be waiting at the station for her to arrive
Seven more days, all I gotta do is survive

She been gone ever since I been a child
Ever since I seen her smile, I ain't forgotten her eyes
She had a face that could outshine the sun in the skies

I been good, I been good while I been waitin'
Maybe guilty of hesitatin', I just been holdin' on
Seven more days, all that'll be gone

There's kissing in the valley
Thieving in the alley
Fighting every inch of the way
Trying to be tender
With somebody I remember
In a night that's always brighter'n the day

Seven days, seven more days that are connected
Just like I expected, she'll be comin' on forth
My beautiful comrade from the north

There's kissing in the valley
Thieving in the alley
Fighting every inch of the way
Trying to be tender
With somebody I remember
In a night that's always brighter'n the day/nLincoln County Road or Armageddon?
Seem like I been down this way before.
Is there any truth in that, senor?

Senor, senor, do you know where she's hidin'?
How long are we gonna be ridin'?
How long must I keep my eyes glued to the door?
Will there be any comfort there, senor?

There's a wicked wind still blowin' on that upper deck,
There's an iron cross still hanging down from around her neck.
There's a marchin' band still playin' in that vacant lot 
Where she held me in her arms one time and said, "Forget me not."

Senor, senor, I can see that painted wagon, 
I can smell the tail of the dragon. 
Can't stand the suspense anymore. 
Can you tell me who to contact here, senor?

Well, the last thing I remember before I stripped and kneeled 
Was that trainload of fools bogged down in a magnetic field. 
A gypsy with a broken flag and a flashing ring 
She said, "Son, this ain't a dream no more, it's the real thing."

Senor, senor, you know their hearts they're as hard as leather. 
Well, give me a minute, let me get it together. 
I just gotta pick myself up off the floor. 
I'm ready when you are, senor.

Senor, senor, let's overturn these tables, 
Disconnect these cables . 
This place don't make sense to me no more. 
Can you tell me what we're waiting for, senor?/nI get the blues for you baby when I look up at the sun
Come back here, we can have some real fun

Well, it’s early in the evening and everything is still
Well, it’s early in the evening and everything is still
One more time, I’m walking up on top of the hill

Shake shake Mama like a ship going out to sea
Shake shake Mama like a ship going out to sea
You took all my money and you gave it to Richard Lee

Down by the river judge Simpson’s walking around
Down by the river judge Simpson’s walking around
Nothing shocks me more than that old clown

Some of you women, you really know your stuff
Some of you women, you really know your stuff
But your clothes are all torn and your language is a little too rough

Shake shake Mama, shake until the break of day
Shake shake Mama, shake until the break of day
I’m right here baby, I’m not that far away

I'm motherless, fatherless, almost friendless too
I'm motherless, fatherless, almost friendless too
It's Friday morning on Franklin Avenue

Shake shake mama, raise your voice and bay
Shake shake mama, raise your voice and bay
If you're goin' on home, better go the shortest way/nShe's got everything she needs, she's an artist, she don't look back
She can take the dark out of the nighttime and paint the daytime black

You will start out standing, proud to steal her anything she sees
You will start out standing, proud to steal her anything she sees
But you will wind up peeking through her keyhole, down upon your knees

She never stumbles, she's got no place to fall
She never stumbles, she got no place to fall
She's nobody's child, the law can't touch her at all

She wears an Egyptian ring, it sparkles before she speaks
She wears an Egyptian ring, it sparkles before she speaks
She's a hypnotist collector, you are a walking antique

Bow down to her on Sunday, salute her when her birthday comes
Bow down to her on Sunday, salute her when her birthday comes
For Halloween, buy her a trumpet and for Christmas, give her a drum/nWhen blackness was a virtue the road was full of mud
I came in from the wilderness, a creature void of form
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

And if I pass this way again, you can rest assured
I'll always do my best for her, on that I give my word
In a world of steel-eyed death, and men who are fighting to be warm.
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

Not a word was spoke between us, there was little risk involved
Everything up to that point had been left unresolved
Try imagining a place where it's always safe and warm
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

I was burned out from exhaustion, buried in the hail
Poisoned in the bushes an' blown out on the trail
Hunted like a crocodile, ravaged in the corn
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

Suddenly I turned around and she was standin' there
With silver bracelets on her wrists and flowers in her hair
She walked up to me so gracefully and took my crown of thorns
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

Now there's a wall between us, somethin' there's been lost
I took too much for granted, I got my signals crossed
Just to think that it all began on an noneventful morn
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

Well, the deputy walks on hard nails and the preacher rides a mount
But nothing really matters much, it's doom alone that counts
And the one-eyed undertaker, he blows a futile horn
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

I've heard newborn babies wailin' like a mournin' dove
And old men with broken teeth stranded without love
Do I understand your question, man, is it hopeless and forlorn?
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

In a little hilltop village, they gambled for my clothes
I bargained for salvation an' she gave me a lethal dose
I offered up my innocence and got repaid with scorn
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"

Well, I'm livin' in a foreign country but I'm bound to cross the line
Beauty walks a razor's edge, someday I'll make it mine
If I could only turn back the clock to when God and her were born
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm"/nNone/nAlso, so, so did the landlord
The scene was so crazy, wasn't it?
Both were so glad
To watch me destroy what I had
Pain sure brings out the best in people, doesn't it?
Why didn't you just leave me if you didn't want to stay?
Why'd you have to treat me so bad?
Did it have to be that way?
Now you stand here expectin' me to remember somethin' you forgot to say
Yes, and you, I see you're still with her, well
That's fine 'cause she's comin' on so strange, can't you tell?
Somebody had better explain
She's got her iron chain
I'd do it, but I, I just can't remember how
You talk to her
She's your lover now.

I already assumed
That we're in the felony room
But I ain't a judge, you don't have to be nice to me
But please tell that
To your friend in the cowboy hat
You know he keeps on sayin' ev'rythin' twice to me
You know I was straight with you
You know I've never tried to change you in any way
You know if you didn't want to be with me
That you could . . . didn't have to stay.
Now you stand here sayin' you forgive and forget. Honey, what can I say?
Yes, you, you just sit around and ask for ashtrays, can't you reach?
I see you kiss her on the cheek ev'rytime she gives a speech
With her picture books of the pyramid
And her postcards of Billy the Kid
(Why must everybody bow?)
You better talk to her 'bout it
You're her lover now.

Oh, ev'rybody that cares
Is goin' up the castle stairs
But I'm not up in your castle, honey
It's true, I just can't recall
San Francisco at all
I can't even remember El Paso, uh, honey
You never had to be faithful
I didn't want you to grieve
Oh, why was it so hard for you
If you didn't want to be with me, just to leave?
Now you stand here while your finger's goin' up my sleeve
An' you, just what do you do anyway? Ain't there nothin' you can say?
She'll be standin' on the bar soon
With a fish head an' a harpoon
An' a fake beard plastered on her brow
You'd better do somethin' quick
She's your lover now./nNone/nAnd I thought of you
You're tryin' to break into another world
A world I never knew
I always kinda wondered 
If you ever made it through
Seen a shootin' star tonight
And I thought of you

Seen a shootin' star tonight
And I thought of me
If I was still the same
If I ever became
What you wanted me to be
Did I miss the mark
Overstep the line
That only you could see
Seen a shootin' star tonight
And I thought of me

Listen for the engine
Listen fir the bell
As the last fire-truck from hell
Goes rollin' by
All good people are prayin'
It's the last temptation
The last account
Last time you might hear
The sermon on the mount
Last Radio is playin'

Seen a shootin' star tonight
Slip away
Tommorow will be
Another day
Guess it's too late to say the things to you
You needed to hear me say
Seen a shootin' star tonight
Slip away/nDon't need a shot of heroin to kill my disease
Don't need a shot of turpentine, only bring me to my knees
Don't need a shot of codeine to help me to repent
Don't need a shot of whiskey, help me be president

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

Doctor, can you hear me? I need some Medicaid
I seen the kingdoms of the world and it's makin' me feel afraid
What I got ain't painful, it's just bound to kill me dead
Like the men that followed Jesus when they put a price upon His head

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

I don't need no alibi when I'm spending time with you
I've heard all of them rumors and you have heard 'em too
Don't show me no picture show or give me no book to read
It don't satisfy the hurt inside nor the habit that I feed

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

Why would I want to take your life?
You've only murdered my father, raped his wife
Tattooed my babies with a poison pen
Mocked my God, humiliated my friends

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

Don't wanna be with nobody tonight Veronica not here
Mavis just ain't right
There's a man that hates me and he's swift, smooth and near
Am I supposed to sit back and wait until he's here?

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

What makes the wind wanna blow tonight?
Don't even feel like crossing the street and my car ain't actin' right
Called home, everybody seemed to have moved away
My conscience is beginning to bother me today

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love
If you're a doctor, I need a shot of love/nNone/nAn' I just try to be
An' now, oh it's a gold mine
But it's free.
Yes, but I know in my head
That we're all so misled
And it's that old sign on the cross
That worries me.

Now, when I was just a bawlin' lad
I saw what I wanted to be
An' it's all for the sake
Of that I should see.
But I was lost on the land
As I heard that front door slam
And that old sign on the cross
Worries me.

Well, it's that old sign on the cross
Well, it's that old key to the kingdom
Well, it's that old sign on the cross
Like used to be.

But, when I hold my head so high
As I see my old friends go by
An' it's still that sign on the cross
That worries me.

Well, it seems to be the sign on the cross.
Every day, every night
See the sign on the cross just layin' up on top of the hill.
Yes, we thought it might have disappeared long ago
But I'm here to tell you, friends that I'm afraid
It's lyin' there still.
Yes, just a little time is all you need, you might say
But I don't know 'bout that any more
Because the bird is here and you might want to enter it
But, of course, the door might be closed.
But I just would like to tell you one time
If I don't see you again, that the thing is
That the sign on the cross is the sign you might need the most.

Well the sign on the cross
Is just a sign (??) too
Well, there is some in every prison
And there is some in the penitentiary, too.
Oh, when your, when your days are numbered
And your nights are long
You might think you're weak
But I mean to say you're strong.
Yes you are, if that sign on the cross
If it begins to worry you.
Well, that's all right because sing a song
And all your troubles will pass right on through./nSign on the door said "No Company Allowed"
Sign on the street says "Y' Don't Own Me"
Sign on the porch says "Three's A Crowd"
Sign on the porch says "Three's A Crowd"

Her and her boyfriend went to California
Her and her boyfriend done changed their tune
My best friend said, "Now didn' I warn ya
Brighton girls are like the moon
Brighton girls are like the moon"

Looks like a-nothing but rain 
Sure gonna be wet tonight on Main Street 
Hope that it don't sleet

Build me a cabin in Utah
Marry me a wife, catch rainbow trout
Have a bunch of kids who call me "Pa"
That must be what it's all about
That must be what it's all about/nMy baby she gave it to me
Silent weekend
My baby she gave it to me
She's actin' tough and hardy
But I'm sleepin' at the party
And she's leavin' me down in misery.

Silent weekend
My baby she took me by the heart
Silent weekend
My baby she took me by the heart
She's thinkin' about disposin'
But I know I know she's dozin'
And she's tearin' it all apart.

Silent weekend
Oh lord, I wish monday would come
Silent weekend
Oh lord, I sure wish monday would come
She's uppin' and she's leavin'
But I hate to sit here grievin'
But I just can't sit here playin' dumb.

Well, I done a whole lotta thinkin'
'Bout a whole lotta cheatin'
And I, maybe I did please
But I just wallopped a lotta pizza
After makin' our peace
Puts ya down on my bended knees.

Silent weekend
Man alive, I'm burnin' up on my brain
Silent weekend
Man alive, I'm burnin' up on my brain
She knows I'm just teasin'
But she's all misbelievin'
And I just don't wanna do it again./nLooks like tomorrow is a coming on fast
Ain't complaining about what I got
Seen better times but who has not.

Silvio silver and gold 
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
Silvio I gotta go
Find out something only dead men know.

Honest as the next jade rolling that stone
When I come a-knockin' don't throw me no bone
I'm an old boll weevil looking for a home
If you don't like it you can leave me alone.

I can snap my fingers and require the rain
From a clear blue sky and turn it off again
I can stroke your body and relieve your pain
And charm the whistle off an evening train.

Silvio silver and gold
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
Silvio I gotta go
Find out something only dead men know 

Give what I got until I got no more
I take what I get until I even the score
You know I love you and further more
When it is time to go you got an open door.

I can tell your fancy I can tell your plain
You give something up for everything you gain
Since every pleasure's got an edge of pain
Pay for your ticket and don't complain.

Silvio silver and gold 
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
Silvio I gotta go
Find out something only dead men know.

One of these days and it won't be long
Going down in the valley and sing my song
I will sing it loud and sing it strong
Let the echo decide if I was right or wrong.

Silvio silver and gold
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
Silvio I gotta go 
Find out something only dead men know.

Silvio silver and gold
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
Silvio I gotta go 
Find out something only dead men know.

Silvio silver and gold
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
Silvio I gotta go 
Find out something only dead men know./nAs the evening sky grew dark
She looked at him and he felt a spark
Tingle to his bones
'Twas then he felt alone
And wished that he'd gone straight
And watched out for a simple twist of fate

They walked alone by the old canal
A little confused, I remember well
And stopped into a strange hotel
With a neon burning bright
He felt the heat of the night
Hit him like a freight-
Train moving with a simple twist of fate

A saxophone someplace far off played
As she was walking on by the arcade
As the light bust through a beat up shade
Where he was waking up
She dropped a coin into the cup
Of a blind man at the gate
And forgot about a simple twist of fate

He woke up; the room was bare
He didn't see her anywhere
He told himself he didn't care
Pushed the window open wide
Felt an emptiness inside
To which he just could not relate
Brought on by a simple twist of fate

He hears the ticking of the clocks
And walks along with a parrot that talks
Hunts her down by the waterfront docks
Where the sailors all come in
Maybe she'll pick him out again
How long must he wait
One more time for a simple twist of fate

People tell me it's a sin
To know and feel too much within
I still believe she was my twin
But I lost the ring
She was born in spring
But I was born too late
Blame it on a simple twist of fate/nI paid one thousand two hundred twenty-seven dollars and fifty-five cents
See my hound dog bite a rabbit
And my football's sittin' on a barbed-wire fence

Well, my temperature rises and my feet don't walk so fast
Yes, my temperature rises and my feet don't walk so fast
Well, this Arabian doctor came in, gave me a shot
But wouldn't tell me if what I had would last

Well, this woman I've got, she's filling me with her drive
Yes, this woman I've got, she's thrillin' me with her hive
She's calling me Stan
Or else she calls me Mister Clive

Of course, you're gonna think this song is a riff
I know you're gonna think this song is a cliff
Unless you've been inside a tunnel
And fell down 69, 70 feet over a barbed-wire fence

All night!/nCan't help but wonder what's happenin' to my companions,
Are they lost or are they found, have they counted the cost it'll take to bring 
down
All their earthly principles they're gonna have to abandon?
There's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.

I had a woman down in Alabama,
She was a backwoods girl, but she sure was realistic,
She said, "Boy, without a doubt, have to quit your mess and straighten out,
You could die down here, be just another accident statistic."
There's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.

All that foreign oil controlling American soil,
Look around you, it's just bound to make you embarrassed.
Sheiks walkin' around like kings, wearing fancy jewels and nose rings,
Deciding America's future from Amsterdam and to Paris
And there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.

Man's ego is inflated, his laws are outdated, they don't apply no more,
You can't rely no more to be standin' around waitin'
In the home of the brave, Jefferson turnin' over in his grave,
Fools glorifying themselves, trying to manipulate Satan
And there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.

Big-time negotiators, false healers and woman haters,
Masters of the bluff and masters of the proposition
But the enemy I see wears a cloak of decency,
All non-believers and men stealers talkin' in the name of religion
And there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.

People starving and thirsting, grain elevators are bursting
Oh, you know it costs more to store the food than it do to give it.
They say lose your inhibitions, follow your own ambitions,
They talk about a life of brotherly love, show me someone who knows how to 
live it. There's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.

Well, my baby went to Illinois with some bad-talkin' boy she could destroy
A real suicide case, but there was nothin' I could do to stop it,
I don't care about economy, I don't care about astronomy
But it sure do bother me to see my loved ones turning into puppets,
There's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend./nMade before the foundation of the world
And I won't let go, and I can't let go, won't let go
And I can't let go, won't let go, and I can't let go no more.

For me He was chastised, for me He was hated,
For me he was rejected by a world that He created.
Nations are angry, cursed are some,
People are expecting a false peace to come.

Well, I'm hangin' on to a solid rock
Made before the foundation of the world
And I won't let go, and I can't let go, won't let go
And I can't let go, won't let go, and I can't let go no more.

It's the ways of the flesh to war against the spirit
Twenty-four hours a day you can feel it and you can hear it
Using all the devices under the sun.
And He never give up 'til the battle's lost or won.

Well, I'm hangin' on to a solid rock
Made before the foundation of the world
And I won't let go, and I can't let go, won't let go
And I can't let go, won't let go, and I can't let go no more./nI don't care where you go or how long you stay
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore

Well you take my money and you turn it out
You fill me up with nothin' but self doubt
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore

When I was young, driving was my crave
You drive me so hard, almost to the grave
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore

I'm so hard pressed, my mind tied up in knots
I keep recycling the same old thoughts
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore

So many good things in life that I overlooked
I don't know what to do now, baby, you got me so hooked
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore

Well, I don't want to brag, but I'm gonna wring your neck
When all else fails I'll make it a matter of self respect
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore

You can take your clothes put 'em in a sack
You goin' down the road, baby and you can't come back
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore

I tried to be friendly, I tried to be kind
I'm gonna drive you from your home, just like I was driven from mine
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore

Living this way ain't a natural thing to do
Why was I born to love you?
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me anymore/nTake the bull by the horns."
I keep seeing visions of you, a lily among thorns
Everything looks a little far away to me

Gettin' harder and harder to recognize the trap
Too much information about nothin'
Too much educated rap
It's just like you told me, just like you said it would be

The moon rising like wildfire
I feel the breath of a storm
Something I got to do tonight
You go inside and stay warm

Someone's got a hold of my heart
Someone's got a hold of my heart
Someone's got a hold of my heart
You-
Yeah, you got a hold of my heart

Just got back from a city of powder blue skies
Everybody thinks with their stomach
There's plenty of spies
Every street is crooked, they just wind around till they disappear

Madame Butterfly, she lulls me to sleep
Like an ancient river
So wide and deep
She said, "Be easy, baby, ain't nothin' worth stealin' here"

You're the one I've been waitin' for
You're the one I desire
But you must first realize
I'm not another man for hire

Someone's got a hold of my heart
Someone's got a hold of my heart
Someone's got a hold of my heart
You, you, you, you
Yeah, you got a hold of my heart

I hear the hot-blooded singer
On the bandstand croon
September Song, Memphis in June
While they're beating the devil out of a guy who's wearing a flaming red wig

I been to Babylon
I gotta confess
I can still hear that voice crying in the wilderness
What looks large from a distance, close up is never that big
Never could learn to drink that blood and call it wine
Never could learn to look at your face and call it mine

Someone's got a hold of my heart
Someone's got a hold of my heart
Someone's got a hold of my heart
You-
Yeah, you got a hold of my heart/nIs it the way your body moves or is it the way your hair blows free?
Or is it because you remind me of something that used to be
Somethin' that crossed over from another century?

Thought I'd shaken the wonder and the phantoms of my youth
Rainy days on the Great Lakes, walkin' the hills of old Duluth
There was me and Danny Lopez, cold eyes, black night and then there was Ruth
Something there is about you that brings back a long-forgotten truth

Suddenly I found you and the spirit in me sings
Don't have to look no further, you're the soul of many things
I could say that I'd be faithful, I could say it in one sweet, easy breath
But to you that would be cruelty and to me it surely would be death

Something there is about you that moves with style and grace
I was in a whirlwind, now I'm in some better place
My hand's on the sabre and you've picked up the baton
Somethin' there is about you that I can't quite put my finger on/nSomething is the matter, baby, there's smoke in your hair
Are you still my friend, baby, show me a sign
Is the love in your heart for me turning blind?

You've been avoiding the main streets for a long, long while
The truth that I'm seeking is in your missing file
What's your position, baby, what's going on?
Why is the light in your eyes nearly gone?

I know everything about this place, or so it seems
Am I no longer a part of your plans or your dreams?
Well, it is so obvious that something has changed
What's happening, baby, to make you act so strange?

Something is burning, baby, here's what I say
Even the bloodhounds of London couldn't find you today
I see the shadow of a man, baby, makin' you blue
Who is he, baby, and what's he to you?

We've reached the edge of the road, baby, where the pasture begins
Where charity is supposed to cover up a multitude of sins
But where do you live, baby, and where is the light?
Why are your eyes just staring off in the night?

I can feel it in the night when I think of you
I can feel it in the light and it's got to be true
You can't live by bread alone, you won't be satisfied
You can't roll away the stone if your hands are tied

Got to start someplace, baby, can you explain?
Please don't fade away on me, baby, like the midnight train
Answer me, baby, a casual look will do
Just what in the world has come over you?

I can feel it in the wind and it's upside down
I can feel it in the dust as I get off the bus on the outskirts of town
I've had the Mexico City blues since the last hairpin curve
I don't wanna see you bleed, I know what you need but it ain't what you deserve

Something is burning, baby, something's in flames
There's a man going 'round calling names
Ring down when you're ready, baby, I'm waiting for you
I believe in the impossible, you know that I do/nWalkin' a road other men have gone down.
I'm seein' your world of people and things,
Your paupers and peasants and princes and kings.

Hey, hey Woody Guthrie, I wrote you a song
'Bout a funny ol' world that's a-comin' along.
Seems sick an' it's hungry, it's tired an' it's torn,
It looks like it's a-dyin' an' it's hardly been born.

Hey, Woody Guthrie, but I know that you know
All the things that I'm a-sayin' an' a-many times more.
I'm a-singin' you this song, but I can't sing enough,
'Cause there's not many men that done the things that you've done.

Here's to Cisco and Sonny and Leadbelly too,
An' to all the good people that traveled with you.
Here's to the hearts and the hands of the men
That come with the dust and are gone with the wind.

I'm a-leavin' tomorrow, but I could leave today,
Somewhere down the road someday.
The very last thing that I'd want to do
Is to say I've been hittin' some hard travelin' too./nTo sing your praises
I need to tell someone
It's soon after midnight
And my day has just begun

A gal named Honey
Took my money
She was passing by
It's soon after midnight
And the moon is in my eye

My heart is cheerful
It's never fearful
I've been down on the killing floors
I'm in no great hurry
I'm not afraid of your fury
I've faced stronger walls than yours

Charlotte's a harlot
Dresses in scarlet
Mary dresses in green
It's soon after midnight
And I've got a date with the fairy queen

They chirp and they chatter
What does it matter?
They lie and dine in their blood
Two-timing Slim
Who's every heard of him?
I'll drag his corpse through the mud

It's now or never
More than ever
When I met you I didn't think you would do
It's soon after midnight
And I don't want nobody but you/nCannot hold you to its heat
Your temperature is too hot for taming
Your flaming feet are burning up the street

I am homeless, come and take me
To reach of your rattling drums
Let me know, babe, all about my fortune
Down along my restless palms

Gypsy gal, you got me swallowed
I have fallen far beneath
Your pearly eyes, so fast and slashing
And your flashing diamond teeth

The night is pitch black, come and make my
Pale face fit into place, oh, please
Let me know, babe, I'm nearly drowning
If it's you my lifelines trace

I've been wondering all about me
Ever since I seen you there
On the cliffs of your wildcat charms I'm riding
I know I'm 'round you but I don't know where

You have slayed me, you have made me
I got to laugh half-ways off my heels
I got to know, babe, will you surround me
So I can know if I am really real?/nNone/nDarkness on the face of the deep
I keep thinking about you baby
I can't hardly sleep

I'm traveling by land
Traveling through the dawn of day
You're always on my mind
I can't stay away

I'd forgotten 'bout you
Then you turned up again
I always knew
We were meant to be more than friends

When you're near
It's just as plain as it can be
I'm wild about you, gal
You ought to be a fool about me

Can't explain
The sources of this hidden pain
You burned your way into my heart
You got the key to my brain

I've been trampling through mud
Praying to the powers above
I'm sweating blood
You got a face that begs for love

Life without you
Doesn't mean a thing to me
If I can't have you
I'll throw my love into the deep blue sea

Sometimes I wonder
Why you can't treat me right
You do good all day
And then you do wrong all night

When you're with me
I'm a thousand times happier than I could ever say
What does it matter
What price I pay

They brag about your sugar
Brag about it all over town
Put some sugar in my bowl
I feel like laying down

I'm as pale as a ghost
Holding a blossom on a stem
You ever seen a ghost? No
But you have heard of them

I see you there
I'm blinded by the colors I see
I take good care
Of what belongs to me

I hear your name
Ringing up and down the line
I'm saying it plain
These ties are strong enough to bind

Now your sweet voice
Calls out from some old familiar shrine
I got no choice
Can't believe these things would ever fade from your mind

I could live forever
With you perfectly
You don't ever
Have to make a fuss over me

From East to West
Ever since the world began
I only mean it for the best
I want to be with you any way I can

I been in a brawl
Now I'm feeling the wall
I'm going away baby
I won't be back till fall

High on the hill
You can carry all my thoughts with you
You've numbed my will
This love could tear me in two

I wanna be with you in paradise
And it seems so unfair
I can't go to paradise no more
I killed a man back there

You think I'm over the hill
You think I'm past my prime
Let me see what you got
We can have a whoppin' good time/nThe jukebox playing low
Yesterday everything was going too fast
Today it's moving too slow

I've got no place left to turn
I've got nothing left to burn

Don't know if I saw you if I would kiss you or kill you
It probably wouldn't matter to you anyhow
You left me standing in the doorway crying
I got nothing to go back to now

The light in this place is so bad
Making me sick in the head
All the laughter is just making me sad
The stars have turned cherry red

I'm strumming on my gay guitar
Smoking a cheap cigar

The ghost of my old love has not gone away
Don't looking like it will any time soon
You left me standing in the doorway crying
Under the midnight moon

Maybe they'll get me and maybe they won't
But not tonight and it won't be here
There are things I could say, but I don't 
I know the mercy of God must be near

I been riding a midnight train
Got ice water in my veins

I would be crazy if I took you back
It would go up against every rule
You left me standing in the doorway crying
Suffering like a fool

When the last rays of daylight go down
Buddy, you'll roll no more 
I can hear the church bells ringing in the yard
I wonder who they're ringing for

I know I can't win
But my heart just won't give in

Last night I danced with a stranger
But she just reminded me you were the one
You left me standing in the doorway crying 
In the dark land of the sun

I'll eat when I'm hungry, drink when I'm dry
And live my life on the square
And even if the flesh falls off of my face
I know someone will be there to care

It always means so much
Even the softest touch

I see nothing to be gained by any explanation
There's no words that need to be said
You left me standing in the doorway crying
Blues wrapped around my head/nTryin' to bum a ride, tryin' to bum a ride,
Tryin' to bum a ride.

Well, I'm standin' on a highway
Tryin' to bum a ride, tryin' to bum a ride,
Tryin' to bum a ride.

Nobody seem to know me,
Everybody pass me by.

Well, I'm standin' on a highway
Tryin' to hold up, tryin' to hold up,
Tryin to hold up and be brave.

Well, I'm standin' on a highway
Tryin' to hold up, tryin to hold up and be brave.
One roads goin' to the bright lights,
The others goin' down to my grave.

Well, I'm standin' on a highway
Vision clear
Well, I'm standin' on a highway
Vision clear
Everybody passing me by
Nobody seems to know I'm here

Well, I'm lookin' down at two cards,
They seem to be handmade.
Well, I'm lookin' down at two cards,
They seem to be handmade.
One looks like it's the ace of diamonds,
The other looks like it is the ace of spades.

Well, I'm standin' on the highway
Watchin' my life roll by.
Well, I'm standin' on the highway
Watchin' my life roll by.
Well, I'm standin' on the highway
Tryin' to bum a ride./nNone/nNone/nI'd ask him what the matter was, but I know that he don't talk
And the ladies treat me kindly and they furnish me with tape
But deep inside my heart, I know I can't escape

Oh, mama
Can this really be the end?
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?

Well, Shakespeare, he's in the alley with his pointed shoes and his bells
Speaking to some French girl who says she knows me well
And I would send a message to find out if she's talked
But the post office has been stolen and the mailbox is locked

Oh, mama
Can this really be the end?
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?

Mona tried to tell me to stay away from the train line
She said that all the railroad men just drink up your blood like wine
And I said, "Oh, I didn't know that, but then again, there's only one I've met
And he just smoked my eyelids and punched my cigarette"

Oh, mama
Can this really be the end?
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?

Grandpa died last week and now he's buried in the rocks
But everybody still talks about how badly they were shocked
But me, I expected it to happen, I knew he'd lost control
When he built a fire on Main Street and shot it full of holes

Oh, mama
Can this really be the end?
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?

Now the senator came down here, showing everyone his gun
Handing out free tickets to the wedding of his son
And me, I nearly got busted, and wouldn't it be my luck
To get caught without a ticket and be discovered beneath a truck?

Oh, mama
Can this really be the end?
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?

Now the teen preacher looked so baffled when I asked him why he dressed
With twenty pounds of headlines stapled to his chest
But he cursed me when I proved to him, then I whispered, said "Not even you can hide
You see, you're just like me, I hope you're satisfied"

Oh, mama
Can this really be the end?
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?

Now the rain man gave me two cures, then he said, "Jump right in"
The one was Texas medicine, the other was just railroad gin
And like a fool, I mixed them, and it strangled up my mind
And now people just get uglier, and I have no sense of time

Oh, mama
Can this really be the end?
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?

When Ruthie says come see her in honky-tonk lagoon
Where I can watch her waltz for free 'neath her Panamanian moon
And I say, "Ah, come on now, you know about my debutante"
And she says, "Your debutante just knows what you need, but I know what you want"

Oh, mama
Can this really be the end?
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?

Now the bricks lay on Grand Street where the neon madmen climb
They all fall there so perfectly, it all seems so well-timed
And here I sit so patiently, waiting to find out what price
You have to pay to get out of going through all these things twice

Oh, mama
Is this really the end?
To be stuck here inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again?/nMixing up the medicine
I'm on the pavement
Thinking about the government

The man in the trench coat
Badge out, laid off
Says he's got a bad cough
Wants to get it paid off

Look out kid
It's somethin' you did
God knows when
But you're doin' it again

You better duck down the alley way
Lookin' for a new friend
The man in the coon-skin cap
In the big pen

Wants eleven dollar bills
You only got ten

Maggie comes fleet foot
Face full of black soot
Talkin' that the heat put
Plants in the bed but

The phone's tapped anyway
Maggie says that many say
They must bust in early May
Orders from the D. A.

Look out kid
Don't matter what you did
Walk on your tip toes
Don't try No Doz

Better stay away from those
That carry around a fire hose
Keep a clean nose
Watch the plain clothes

You don't need a weather man
To know which way the wind blows

Oh, get sick, get well
Hang around a ink well
Ring bell, hard to tell
If anything is gonna sell

Try hard, get barred
Get back, write braille
Get jailed, jump bail
Join the army, if you fail

Look out kid
You're gonna get hit

But losers
Cheaters
Six-time users
Hang around the theaters

Girl by the whirlpool
Lookin' for a new fool
Don't follow leaders
Watch the parkin' meters

Ah, get born, keep warm
Short pants, romance, learn to dance
Get dressed, get blessed
Try to be a success

Please her, please him, buy gifts
Don't steal, don't lift
Twenty years of schoolin'
And they put you on the day shift

Look out kid
They keep it all hid

Better jump down a manhole
Light yourself a candle
Don't wear sandals
Try to avoid the scandals

Don't wanna be a bum
You better chew gum
The pump don't work
'Cause the vandals took the handles/nI can see what everybody in the world is up against
Can't turn back, you can't come back, sometimes we push too far
One day you'll open up your eyes and you'll see where you are

Sugar baby get on down the road
You ain't got no brains nohow
You went years without me
Might as well keep goin' now

Some of these bootleggers, they make pretty good stuff
Plenty of places to hide things here if you want to hide them bad enough
I'm staying with Aunt Sally, but you know she not really my aunt
Some of these memories, you can learn to live with and some of'em you can't

Sugar baby get on down the line
You ain't got no brains nohow
You went years without me
Might as well keep goin' now

The ladies down in Darktown, they're doin' the Darktown strut
Y'always got to be prepared, but you never know for what
There ain't no limit to the amount of trouble women bring
Love is pleasing, love is teasing, love not an evil thing

Sugar baby get on down the road
You ain't got no brains nohow
You went years without me
Might as well keep goin' now

Every moment of existence seems like some dirty trick
Happiness can come suddenly and leave just as quick
Any minute of the day, the bubble could burst
Try to make things better for someone sometimes you just end up 
Makin' it a thousand times worse

Sugar baby get on down the road
You ain't got no brains nohow
You went years without me
Might as well keep goin' now

Your charms have broken many a heart and mine is surely one
You got a way of tearin' a world apart, love, see what you've done
Just as sure as we're livin', just as sure as you're born
Look up, look up, seek your Maker, 'fore Gabriel blows his horn

Sugar baby, get on down the line
You ain't got no sense nohow
You went years without me
Might as well keep goin' now/nSummer days and summer nights are gone
I know a place where there's still somethin' going on

I've got a house on the hill, I got hogs out in the mud
I've got a house on the hill, I got hogs all out in the mud
I've got a long-haired woman, she got royal Indian blood

Everybody get ready, lift up your glasses and sing
Everybody get ready, lift up your glasses and sing
Well I'm standin' on the table, I'm proposin' a toast to the king

I'm driving in the flats in a Cadillac car
The girls all say "You're a worn out star"
My pockets are loaded and I'm spending every dime 
How can you say you love someone else, you know it's me all the time

Well the fog's so thick you can't spy the land
Well the fog's so thick that you can't even spy the land
What good are you anyway if you can't stand up to some old businessman?

Weddin' bells are ringin' and the choir is beginning to sing
Yes, the weddin' bells are ringin' and the choir's beginning to sing
What looks good in the day, at night is another thing

She's looking in to my eyes and she's a-holding my hand
She looks in to my eyes, she's holding my hand
She say, 
I say 

Where do you come from, where do you go?
Sorry, that is nothing you would need to know
Well, my back's been to the wall so long it seems like it's stuck 
Why don't you break my heart one more time, just for good luck

I got eight carburators and boys I'm usin' 'em all
Well, I got eight carburators and boys, I'm usin' 'em all
I'm short on gas, my motor's startin' to stall

My dogs are barking, there must be someone around
My dogs are barking, there must be someone around
I got my hammer ringin' pretty baby, but the nails ain't goin' down

If you got something to say, speak or hold your peace
Well, if you got something to say, speak now or hold your peace
If it's information you want, you can get it from the police

Politician's got on his joggin' shoes
He must be runnin' for office, got no time to lose
Suckin' the blood out of the genius of generosity
You been rollin' your eyes, you been teasin' me

Standin' by God's river, my soul's beginning to shake
Standin' by God's river, my soul's beginning to shake
I'm countin' on you, love, to gimme a break

Well, I'm leaving in the morning as soon as the dark clouds lift
Yes, I'm leaving in the morning, just as soon as the dark clouds lift
I'm breakin' the roof, set fire to the place as a partin' gift

Summer days, summer nights are gone
Summer days, summer nights are gone
I know a place where there's still something goin' on/n/nHe gone North, for a while,
They say that vanity got the best of him
But he sure left here in style.
By the way, that's a cute hat,
And a  smile so hard to resist
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?

You know, I once knew a woman who looked like you,
She wanted a whole man, not just a half,
She used to call me sweet daddy when I was only a child,
You kind of remind me of her when you laugh.
In order to deal in this game, got to make the queen disappear,
It's done with a flick of the wrist.
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?

You know, a woman like you should be at home,
That's where you belong,
Taking care of somebody nice,
Who don't know how to do you wrong.
Just how much abuse will you be able to take?
Well, there's no way to tell by that first kiss.
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?

You know you can make a name for yourself,
You can hear them tires squeal,
You could be known as the most beautiful woman
Who ever crawled across cut glass to make a deal.

You know, news of you has come down the line
Even before ya came in the door.
They say in your father's house, there's many mansions
Each one of them got a fireproof floor.
Snap out of it, baby, people are jealous of you,
They smile to your face, but behind your back they hiss.
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?

Got to be an important person to be in here, honey,
Got to have done some evil deed,
Got to have your own harem when you come in the door,
Got to play your harp until your lips bleed.

They say that patriotism is the last refuge
To which a scoundrel clings.
Steal a little and they throw you in jail,
Steal a lot and they make you king.
There's only one step down from here, baby,
It's called the land of permanent bliss.
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?/nNone/nBear Mountain picnic was comin' my way
"Come along 'n' take a trip
We'll bring you up there on a ship
Bring the wife and kids
Bring the whole family."
Yippee!

Well, I run right down 'n' bought a ticket
To this Bear Mountain Picnic
But little did I realize
I was in for a picnic surprise
Had nothin' to do with mountains
I didn't even come close to a bear

Took the wife 'n' kids down to the pier
Six thousand people there
Everybody had ticket for the trip
"Oh well." I said, "it's a pretty big ship
Besides, anyway, the more the merrier."

Well, we all got on 'n' what d'ya think
That big old boat started t' sink
More people kept a-pilin' on
That old ship was a-slowly goin' down
Funny way t' start a picnic

Well, I soon lost track of m' kids 'n' wife
So many people there I never saw in m' life
That old ship sinkin' down in the water
Six thousand people tryin' t' kill each other
Dogs a-barkin', cats a-meowin'
Women screamin', fists a-flyin', babies cryin'
Cops a-comin', me a-runnin'
Maybe we just better call off the picnic

I got shoved down 'n' pushed around
All I could hear there was a screamin' sound
Don't remember one thing more
Just remember walkin' up on a little shore
Head busted, stomach cracked
Feet splintered, I was bald, naked...
Quite lucky to be alive though

Feelin' like I climbed outa m' casket
I grabbed back hold of m' picnic basket
Took the wife 'n' kids 'n' started home
Wishin' I'd never got up that morn

Now, I don't care just what you do
If you wanta have a picnic, that's up t' you
But don't tell me about it, I don't wanta hear it
'Cause, see, I just lost all m' picnic spirit
Stay in m' kitchen, have m' own picnic...
In the bathroom

Now, it don't seem to me quite so funny
What some people are gonna do f'r money
There's a bran' new gimmick every day
Just t' take somebody's money away
I think we oughta take some o' these people
And put 'em on a boat, send 'em up to Bear Mountain...
For a picnic/nHa ... va, Hava ...
Ne, Hava Ne ... 
Gei,  Hava Negei ...
Lah, Hava Negeilah ...
Yodeliiiii--ooo--ooo!/nNone/nNone/nNone/nI didn't know what in the world I was gonna do,
Them Communists, they was comin' around,
They was in the air,
They was on the ground.
They wouldn't gimme no peace. . .

So I run down most hurriedly
And joined up with the John Birch Society,
I got me a secret membership card
And started off a-walkin' down the road.
Yee-hoo, I'm a real John Bircher now!
Look out you Commies!

Now we all agree with Hitler's views,
Although he killed six million Jews.
It don't matter too much that he was a Fascist,
At least you can't say he was a Communist!
That's to say like if you got a cold you take a shot of malaria.

Well, I was lookin' everywhere for them gol-darned Reds.
I got up in the mornin' 'n' looked under my bed,
Looked in the sink, behind the door,
Looked in the glove compartment of my car.
Couldn't find 'em . . .

I was lookin' high an' low for them Reds everywhere,
I was lookin' in the sink an' underneath the chair.
I looked way up my chimney hole,
I even looked deep inside my toilet bowl.
They got away . . . 

Well, I was sittin' home alone an' started to sweat,
Figured they was in my T.V. set.
Peeked behind the picture frame,
Got a shock from my feet, hittin' right up in the brain.
Them Reds caused it!
I know they did . . . them hard-core ones.

Well, I quit my job so I could work alone,
Then I changed my name to Sherlock Holmes.
Followed some clues from my detective bag
And discovered they was red stripes on the American flag!
That ol' Betty Ross . . .

Well, I investigated all the books in the library,
Ninety percent of 'em gotta be burned away.
I investigated all the people that I knowed,
Ninety-eight percent of them gotta go.
The other two percent are fellow Birchers . . . just like me.

Now Eisenhower, he's a Russian spy,
Lincoln, Jefferson and that Roosevelt guy.
To my knowledge there's just one man
That's really a true American: George Lincoln Rockwell.
I know for a fact he hates Commies cus he picketed the movie Exodus.

Well, I finally started thinkin' straight
When I run outa things to investigate.
Couldn't imagine doin' anything else,
So now I'm sittin' home investigatin' myself!
Hope I don't find out anything . . . hmm, great God!/nLeavin' the towns I love the best
Thought I'd seen some ups and down
'Til I come into New York town
People goin' down to the ground
Buildings goin' up to the sky

Wintertime in New York town
The wind blowin' snow around
Walk around with nowhere to go
Somebody could freeze right to the bone
I froze right to the bone
New York Times said it was the coldest winter in seventeen years
I didn't feel so cold then

I swung on to my old guitar
Grabbed hold of a subway car
And after a rocking, reeling, rolling ride
I landed up on the downtown side
Greenwich Village

I walked down there and ended up
In one of them coffeehouses on the block
I get on the the stage to sing and play
Man there said: Come back some other day
You sound like a hillbilly 
We want folk singers here

Well, I got a harmonica job, begun to play
Blowin' my lungs out for a dollar a day
I blowed inside out and upside down
The man there said he loved m'sound
He was ravin' about how he loved my sound
Dollar a day's worth

And after weeks and weeks of hangin' around
I finally got a job in New York town
In a bigger place, bigger money, too
Even joined the union and paid my dues

Now, a very great man once said
That some people rob you with a fountain pen
It don't take too long to find out
Just what he was talkin' about
A lot of people don't have much food on their table
But they got a lot of forks and knives
And they gotta cut somethin'

So one mornin', when the sun was warm
I rambled out of New York town
Pulled my cap down over my eyes
And headed out for the western skies
So long, New York
Howdy, East Orange/nI dreamt I was walkin' into World War III
Went to the doctor the very next day
To see what kinda words he could say, said it was a bad dream
"I wouldn't worry 'bout it none, though, them old dreams are only in your head"

I said, "Hold it, doc, a World War passed through my brain"
He said, "Nurse, get your pad, the boy's insane"
He grabbed my arm, I said, "Ouch"
As I landed on the psychiatric couch, said, "Tell me about it"

Well, the whole thing started at three o'clock fast
It was all over by quarter past
I was down in the sewer with some little lover
When I peeked out from a manhole cover
Wonderin' who turned the lights on us

Well, I got up and walked around
Up and down the lonesome town
I stood a-wondering which way to go
I lit a cigarette on a parking meter and walked on down the road
It was a normal day

Well, I rung me a fallout shelter bell
And I leaned my head and I give a yell
"Gimme a string bean, I'm a hungry man"
A shotgun fired and away I ran
I don't blame them too much though, they didn't know me

Down the corner by the hot-dog stand, I seen a man
I said, "Howdy friend, I guess it's just us two"
He screamed a bit and away he flew
Thought I was a communist

Well I spied a girl and before she could leave
I said, "Let's go and play Adam and Eve"
I took her by the hand and my heart it was thumpin'
She said, "Hey man, you crazy or somethin'?
You see what happened last time they started"

Well, I seen a Cadillac window uptown
There was nobody around
I got into the driver's seat
And I drove 42nd Street in my Cadillac
Good car to drive after a war

Well, I remember seein' some ad
So I turned on my Conelrad
But I didn't pay the Con Ed bill
So the radio didn't work so well

Turned on my record-player
It was "Rock-A-Day Johnny," singing
"Tell Your Ma, Tell Your Pa
Our Love's a-Gonna Grow Ooh-wah, Ooh-wah"

I was feelin' kinda lonesome and blue
And I needed somebody to talk to
So I called up the operator of time
Just to hear a voice of some kind
"When you hear the beep, it will be three o'clock"
She said that for over an hour and I hung up

Well the doctor interrupted me just about then
Sayin', "Hey, I've been havin' the same old dreams
But mine was a little different, you see
I dreamt that the only person left after the war was me
I didn't see you around"

Well, now time passed and now it seems everybody's having them dreams
Everybody sees theirself
Walkin' around with no one else
Half of the people can be part-right all of the time
Some of the people can be all right part of the time
But all the people can't be all right all the time
I think Abraham Lincoln said that
"I'll let you be in my dream if I can be in yours," I said that/nI was laying in bed
Wondering if she'd changed it all
If her hair was still red
Her folks, they said our lives together
Sure was gonna be rough
They never did like mama's homemade dress
Papa's bankbook wasn't big enough
And I was standing on the side of the road
Rain falling on my shoes
Heading out for the east coast
Lord knows I've paid some dues getting through
Tangled up in blue

She was married when we first met
Soon to be divorced
I helped her out of a jam, I guess
But I used a little too much force
We drove that car as far as we could
Abandoned it out west
Split up on a dark, sad night
Both agreeing it was best
She turned around to look at me
As I was walking away
I heard her say over my shoulder
"We'll meet again someday on the avenue"
Tangled up in blue

I had a job in the great north woods
Working as a cook for a spell
But I never did like it all that much
And one day the axe just fell
So I drifted down to New Orleans
Where I's lucky for to be employed
Working for a while on a fishing boat
Right outside of Delacroix
But all the while I was alone
The past was close behind
I seen a lot of women
But she never escaped my mind and I just grew
Tangled up in blue

She was working in a topless place
And I stopped in for a beer
I just kept looking at the sight of her face
In the spotlight so clear
And later on when the crowd thinned out
I's just about to do the same
She was standing there in back of my chair
Said, "Tell me, don't I know your name?"
I muttered something underneath my breath
She studied the lines on my face
I must admit I felt a little uneasy
When she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe
Tangled up in blue

She lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe
"I thought you'd never say hello," she said
"You look like the silent type"
Then she opened up a book of poems
And handed it to me
Written by an Italian poet
From the thirteenth century
And every one of them words rang true
And glowed like burning coal
Pouring off of every page
Like it was written in my soul from me to you
Tangled up in blue

I lived with them on Montague Street
In a basement down the stairs
There was music in the cafés at night
And revolution in the air
Then he started into dealing with slaves
And something inside of him died
She had to sell everything she owned
And froze up inside
And when finally the bottom fell out
I became withdrawn
The only thing I knew how to do
Was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew
Tangled up in blue

So now I'm going back again
I got to get her somehow
All the people we used to know
They're an illusion to me now
Some are mathematicians
Some are carpenter's wives
Don't know how it all got started
I don't what they do with their lives
But me, I'm still on the road
Heading for another joint
We always did feel the same
We just saw it from a different point of view
Tangled up in blue/nOn Independence Day
And now you throw us all aside
And put us on our way.
Oh, what dear daughter would 'neath the sun
Would treat a father so?
To wait upon him hand and foot
Yet always answer, "No"?

Tears of rage, tears of grief
Why am I always the one who must be the thief?
Come to me now, you know, we're so alone
And life is brief.

It was all pointed out the way to go
And scratched your name in sand,
Though you just thought that it was nothing more
Than a place for you to stand.
Now, I want you to know that while you watched,
You discovered there was no one true.
That I myself really thought
It was just a childish thing to do.

Tears of rage, tears of grief
Why am I always the one who must be the thief?
Come to me now, you know, we're so alone
And life is brief.

It was all very, very painless
When you ran out to receive
All that false instruction
Which we never could believe.
And now the heart is filled with gold
As if it was a purse.
But, oh, what kind of love is this
Which goes from bad to worse?

Tears of rage, tears of grief
Why am I always the one who must be the thief?
Come to me now, you know, we're so alone
And life is brief./nTell me, tell me before I go.
Does that fire still burn? Does that flame still glow?
Or has it died out and melted like the snow.
Tell me.
Tell me.

Tell me, what are you focused upon?
Tell me will it come to me after you're gone.
Tell me now with a glance or a sigh.
Should I hold you close?
Or let you go by?
Tell me.
Tell me.

Is that the heat and the beat of your pulse that I feel?
If it's not that then what is it you're trying to conceal
Do you have any secrets that will only come out in time?
Do you lay in your bed? Do you stare at the stars?
Is your main friend someone who's a known acquaintance of ours?
Tell me.
Yes, Tell me.

Tell me, are those rock an' roll dreams in your eyes?
Tell me, behind what door your treasure lies.
Ever gone broke in a big way?
Ever gone the opposite of what the experts say?
Tell me.
Tell me.

Is it some kind of game that you're playin' with my heart.
How deep must I go? Where do I start?
Do you have any morals? Do you have any point of view?
Is that a smile that i see on your face?
Will it lead me to glory or lead me to disgrace?
Tell me.
Tell me.

Tell me, is that my name in your book?
Tell me, will you go back and take another look?
Tell me the truth, don't tell me no lies.
Are you anybody's someone? Praise for the cries.
Tell me.
Tell me./nCoal-black water, don't make no tears
You say you love me with what may be love
Don't you remember makin' baby love?
Yes you got your steam drill, and now you're lookin' for some kid
To get it to work for you like your nine-pound hammer did
But I know that you know that I know that you show
Something is tearing up your mind.

Tell me, momma,
Tell me, momma,
Tell me, momma, what is it?
What's wrong with you this time?

Hey, John, come and get me some candy goods
Shucks, it sure feels like it's in the woods
Spend some time on your January trips
You got tombstone moose up and your brave-yard whips
If you're anxious to find out when your friendship's gonna end
Come on, baby, I'm your friend!
And I know that you know that I know that you show
Something is tearing up your mind.

Tell me, momma,
Tell me, momma,
Tell me, momma, what is it?
What's wrong with you this time?

Ohh, we bone the editor, can't get read
But his painted sled, instead it's a bed
Yes, I see you on your window ledge
But I can't tell just how far away you are from the edge
And, anyway, you're just gonna make people jump and roar
Whatcha wanna go and do that for?
For I know that you know that I know that you know
Something is tearing up your mind.

Ah, tell me, momma,
Tell me, momma,
Tell me, momma, what is it?
What's wrong with you this time?




Well, song blast camry (?) don't even run
Tombstone bedrock can't get it done
Fool's gold in your teeth and cemetery hips,
Way outside of your graveyard whips
Yes, ev'rybody's wondering when your friendship's gonna end,
But come on, baby, I'm your friend
And I know that you know that I know that you show
Something is tearing up your mind.



Oh, sure pleasing (?) but your face is red,
But he can't get it, he's almost dead.
Ev'rybody sees you on your window ledge
How long's it gonna take for you to get off the edge?
You're just gonna make ev'rybody jump and roar
Now whatcha wanna go and do that for?
I know that you know that I know that you show
Something's tearing up your mind./nThey say that you're planning to put me down
All I'd like you to do
Is tell me that it isn't true

They say that you've been seen with some other man
That he's tall, dark, and handsome, and you're holding his hand
Darling, I'm a-countin' on you
Tell me that it isn't true

To know that some other man
Is holding you tight
It hurts me all over
It doesn't seem right

All of these awful things that I have heard
I don't want to believe them, all I want is your word
So darlin' you better come through
Tell me that it isn't true

All of these awful things that I have heard
I don't want to believe them, all I want is your word
So darlin' I'm countin' on you
Tell me that it isn't true/nI've hardly a penny to my name
The heavens never seemed so near
All of my body glows with flame

The tempest struggles in the air
And to myself alone I sing
It could sink me then and there
I can hear the echoes ring

I tried to find one smiling face
To drive the shadow from my head
I'm stranded in this nameless place
Lying restless in a heavy bed

Tell me straight out if you will
Why must you torture me within?
Why must you come from your high hill?
Throw my fate to the clouds and wind

Far away in a silent land
Secret thoughts are hard to bear
Remember me, you'll understand
Emotions we can never share

You trampled on me as you passed
Left the coldest kiss upon my brow
All of my doubts and fears have gone at last
I've nothing more to tell you now

I walk by tranquil lakes and streams
As each new season's dawn awaits
I lay awake at night with troubled dreams
The enemy is at the gate

Beneath the thunder blasted trees
The words are ringin' off your tongue
The ground is hard in times like these
The stars are cold, the night is young

The rocks are bleak, the trees are bare
Iron clouds go floating by
Snowflakes fallin' in my hair
Beneath the gray and stormy sky

The evenin' sun is sinkin' low
The woods are dark, the town is too
They'll drag you down, they'll run the show
Ain't no telling what they'll do

Tell ol' Bill when he comes home
That anything is worth a try
Tell him that I'm not alone
And that the hour has come to do or die

All the world I would defy
Let me make it plain as day
I look at you now and I sigh
How could it be any other way?/nOut on the Western town
She told a sad, sad story
Of the great ship that went down

T'was the fourteenth day of April
Over the waves she rode
Sailing into tomorrow
To a golden age foretold

The night was black with starlight
The seas were sharp and clear
Moving through the shadows
The promised hour was near

Lights were holding steady
Gliding over the foam
All the lords and ladies
Heading for their eternal home

The chandeliers were swaying
From the balustrades above
The orchestra was playing
Songs of faded love

The watchman, he lay dreaming
As the ballroom dancers twirled
He dreamed the Titanic was sinking
Into the underworld

Leo took his sketchbook
He was often so inclined
He closed his eyes and painted
The scenery in his mind

Cupid struck his bosom
And broke it with a snap
The closest woman to him
He fell into her lap

He heard a loud commotion
Something sounded wrong
His inner spirit was saying
That he couldn't stand here long

He staggered to the quarterdeck
No time now to sleep
Water on the quarterdeck
Already three foot deep

Smokestack was leaning sideways
Heavy feet began to pound
He walked into the whirlwind
The sky splitting all around

The ship was going under
The universe had opened wide
The roll was called up yonder
The angels turned aside

Lights down in the hallway
Flickering dim and dull
Dead bodies already floating
In the double bottom hull

The engines then exploded
Propellers they failed to start
The boilers overloaded
The ship's bow split apart

Passengers were flying
Backward, forward, far and fast
They mumbled, fumbled, and tumbled
Each one more weary than the last

The veil was torn asunder
'Tween the hours of twelve and one
No change, no sudden wonder
Could undo what had been done

The watchman lay there dreaming
At fourtyfive degrees
He dreamed that the Titanic was sinking
Dropping to her knees

Wellington he was sleeping
His bed began to slide
His valiant heart was beating
He pushed the tables aside

Glass of shattered crystal
Lay scattered roundabout
He strapped on both his pistols
How long could he hold out?

His men and his companions
Were nowhere to be seen
In silence there he waited for
Time and space to intervene

The passageway was narrow
There was blackness in the air
He saw every kind of sorrow
Heard voices everywhere

Alarm-bells were ringing
To hold back the swelling tide
Friends and lovers clinging
To each other side by side

Mothers and their daughters
Descending down the stairs
Jumped into the icy waters
Love and pity sent their prayers

The rich man, Mister Astor
Kissed his darling wife
He had no way of knowing
It'd be the last trip of his life

Calvin, Blake and Wilson
Gambled in the dark
Not one of them would ever live to
Tell the tale on the disembark

Brother rose up 'gainst brother
In every circumstance
They fought and slaughtered each other
In a deadly dance

They lowered down the lifeboats
From the sinking wreck
There were traitors, there were turncoats
Broken backs and broken necks

The bishop left his cabin
To help others in need
Turned his eyes up to the heavens
Said, "The poor are yours to feed"

Davey the brothel-keeper
Came out dismissed his girls
Saw the water getting deeper
Saw the changing of his world

Jim Dandy smiled
He never learned to swim
Saw the little crippled child
And he gave his seat to him

He saw the starlight shining
Streaming from the East
Death was on the rampage
But his heart was now at peace

They battened down the hatches
But the hatches wouldn't hold
They drowned upon the staircase
Of brass and polished gold

Leo said to Cleo
I think I'm going mad
But he'd lost his mind already
Whatever mind he had

He tried to block the doorway
To save all those from harm
Blood from an open wound
Pouring down his arm

Petals fell from flowers
'Til all of them were gone
In the long and dreadful hours
The wizard's curse played on

The host was pouring brandy
He was going down slow
He stayed right to the end and he
Was the last to go

There were many, many others
Nameless here forever more
They never sailed the ocean
Or left their homes before

The watchman, he lay dreaming
The damage had been done
He dreamed the Titanic was sinking
And he tried to tell someone

The captain, barely breathing
Kneeling at the wheel
Above him and beneath him
Fifty thousand tons of steel

He looked over at his compass
And he gazed into its face
Needle pointing downward
He knew he lost the race

In the dark illumination
He remembered bygone years
He read the Book of Revelation
And he filled his cup with tears

When the Reaper's task had ended
Sixteen hundred had gone to rest
The good, the bad, the rich, the poor
The loveliest and the best

They waited at the landing
And they tried to understand
But there is no understanding
On the judgement of God's hand

The news came over the wires
And struck with deadly force
Love had lost its fires
All things had run their course

The watchman he lay dreaming
Of all the things that can be
He dreamed the Titanic was sinking
Into the deep blue sea/nFeeling so harmless, I'm looking at your second door
How come you don't send me no regards?
You know I want your lovin', honey, why are you hard?

Kneeling 'neath your ceiling, yes, I guess I've been here for a while
I'm tryin' to read your portrait, but I'm helpless like a rich man's child
How come you send someone out to have me barred?
You know I want your lovin', honey, why are you hard?

Like a poor fool in his prime
Yes, I know you can hear me walk
But is your heart made out of stone, or is it lime
Or is it just solid rock?

Well, I lean into your hallway, lean against your velvet door
I watch upon your scorpion who crawls across your circus floor
Just what do you think you have to guard?
You know I want your lovin', honey, but you're so hard

Achilles is in your alleyway, he don't want me here, he does brag
He's pointing to the sky and he's hungry, like a man in drag
How come you get someone like him to be your guard?
You know I want your lovin', honey, but you're so hard/nNone/nNone/nAnd admit that the waters around you have grown
And accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone
If your time to you is worth savin'

Then you better start swimmin' or you'll sink like a stone
For the times they are a-changin'

Come writers and critics who prophesize with your pen
And keep your eyes wide, the chance won't come again
And don't speak too soon for the wheel's still in spin
And there's no tellin' who that it's namin'

For the loser now will be later to win
For the times they are a-changin'

Come senators, congressmen, please, heed the call
Don't stand in the doorway, don't block up the hall
For he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled
There's a battle outside ragin'

It'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls
For the times they are a-changin'

Come mothers and fathers throughout the land
And don't criticize what you can't understand
Your sons and your daughters are beyond your command
Your old road is rapidly agin'

Please, get out of the new one if you can't lend your hand
For the times they are a-changin'

The line it is drawn, the curse it is cast
The slow one now will later be fast
As the present now will later be past
The order is rapidly fadin'

And the first one now will later be last
For the times they are a-changin'/nNo one in front of me and nothing behind
There's a woman on my lap and she's drinking champagne
Got white skin, got assassin's eyes
I'm looking up into the sapphire tinted skies
I'm well dressed, waiting on the last train

Standing on the gallows with my head in a noose
Any minute now I'm expecting all hell to break loose

People are crazy and times are strange
I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range
I used to care, but things have changed

This place ain't doing me any good
I'm in the wrong town, I should be in Hollywood
Just for a second there I thought I saw something move
Gonna take dancing lessons do the jitterbug rag
Ain't no shortcuts, gonna dress in drag
Only a fool in here would think he's got anything to prove

Lot of water under the bridge, Lot of other stuff too
Don't get up gentlemen, I'm only passing through

People are crazy and times are strange
I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range
I used to care, but things have changed

I've been walking forty miles of bad road
If the bible is right, the world will explode
I've been trying to get as far away from myself as I can
Some things are too hot to touch
The human mind can only stand so much
You can't win with a losing hand

Feel like falling in love with the first woman I meet
Putting her in a wheel barrow and wheeling her down the street

People are crazy and times are strange
I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range
I used to care, but things have changed

I hurt easy, I just don't show it
You can hurt someone and not even know it
The next sixty seconds could be like an eternity
Gonna get low down, gonna fly high
All the truth in the world adds up to one big lie
I'm in love with a woman who don't even appeal to me

Mr. Jinx and Miss Lucy, they jumped in the lake
I'm not that eager to make a mistake

People are crazy and times are strange
I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range
I used to care, but things have changed/nIn this nowhere café 'fore night turns into day
I wonder why I’m so frightened of dawn
All I have and all I know
Is this dream of you which keeps me living on

There’s a moment when
All old things become new again
But that moment might have come and gone
All I have and all I know
Is this dream of you which keeps me living on

I look away but I keep seeing it
I don’t want to believe but I keep believing it
Shadows dance upon the wall
Shadows that seem to know it all

Am I too blind to see
Is my heart playing tricks on me
I’m lost in the crowd, all my tears are gone
All I have and all I know
Is this dream of you which keeps me living on

Everything I touch seems to disappear
Everywhere I turn, you are always here
I’ll run this race until my earthly death
I’ll defend this place with my dying breath

From a cheerless room
In a curtain gloom, I saw a star from Heaven fall
I turned and looked again but it was gone
All I have and all I know
Is this dream of you which keeps me living on/nWe were goin' to meet again and wait,
So I'm goin' to unpack all my things
And sit before it gets too late.
No man alive will come to you
With another tale to tell,
But you know that we shall meet again
If your mem'ry serves you well.

Wheel's on fire,
Rolling down the road,
Best notify my next of kin,
This wheel shall explode!

If your mem'ry serves you well,
I was goin' to confiscate your lace,
And wrap it up in a sailor's knot
And hide it in your case.
If I knew for sure that it was yours
But it was oh so hard to tell.
But you knew that we shall meet again,
If your mem'ry serves you well.

This wheel's on fire,
Rolling down the road,
Best notify my next of kin,
This wheel shall explode!

If your mem'ry serves you well,
You'll remember you're the one
That called on me to call on them
To get you your favors done.
And after ev'ry plan had failed
And there was nothing more to tell,
You knew that we should meet again,
If your mem'ry served you well.

This wheel's on fire,
Rolling down the road,
Best notify my next of kin,
This wheel shall explode!/nEach one playing a horn
Dressed in green robes with wings that stick out
They've been there since Christmas morn

The wildest cat from Montana passes by in a flash
Then a lady in a bright orange dress
One U-Haul trailer, a truck with no wheels
The Tenth Avenue bus goin' west

The dogs and pigeons fly up and they flutter around
A man with a badge skips by
Three fellas crawlin' on their way back to work
Nobody stops to ask why

The bakery truck stops outside of that fence
Where the angels stand high on their poles
The driver peeks out, trying to find one face
In this concrete world full of souls

The angels play on their horns all day
The whole earth in progression seems to pass by
But does anyone hear the music they play
Does anyone even try?/nA ruckus in the alley and the sun will be here soon
Today's the day, gonna grab my trombone and blow
Well, there's hot stuff here and it's everywhere I go

I was thinkin' 'bout Alicia Keys, couldn't keep from crying
When she was born in Hell's Kitchen, I was living down the line
I'm wondering where in the world Alicia Keys could be
I been looking for her even clear through Tennessee

Feel like my soul is beginning to expand
Look into my heart and you will sort of understand
You brought me here, now you're trying to run me away
The writing on the wall, come read it, come see what it say

Thunder on the mountain, rollin' like a drum
Gonna sleep over there, that's where the music coming from
I don't need any guide, I already know the way
Remember this, I'm your servant both night and day

The pistols are poppin' and the power is down
I'd like to try somethin' but I'm so far from town
The sun keeps shinin' and the North Wind keeps picking up speed
Gonna forget about myself for a while, gonna go out and see what others need

I've been sittin' down studyin' the art of love
I think it will fit me like a glove
I want some real good woman to do just what I say
Everybody got to wonder what's the matter with this cruel world today

Thunder on the mountain rolling to the ground
Gonna get up in the morning walk the hard road down
Some sweet day I'll stand beside my king
I wouldn't betray your love or any other thing

Gonna raise me an army, some tough sons of bitches
I'll recruit my army from the orphanages
I been to St. Herman's church, said my religious vows
I've sucked the milk out of a thousand cows

I got the porkchops, she got the pie
She ain't no angel and neither am I
Shame on your greed, shame on your wicked schemes
I'll say this, I don't give a damn about your dreams

Thunder on the mountain heavy as can be
Mean old twister bearing down on me
All the ladies in Washington were scrambling to get out of town
Looks like something bad gonna happen, better roll your airplane down

Everybody going and I want to go too
Don't wanna take a chance with somebody new
I did all I could, I did it right there and then
I've already confessed, no need to confess again

Gonna make a lot of money, gonna go up north
I'll plant and I'll harvest what the earth brings forth
The hammer's on the table, the pitchfork's on the shelf
For the love of God, you ought to take pity on yourself/nAnd I couldn't with you around my neck.
I said I'd send for you and I did
What did you expect?
My hands are sweating
And we haven't even started yet.
I'll go along with the charade
Until I can think my way out.
I know it was all a big joke
Whatever it was about.
Someday maybe
I'll remember to forget.

I'm gonna get my coat,
I feel the breath of a storm.
There's something I've got to do tonight,
You go inside and stay warm.

Has anybody seen my love,
Has anybody seen my love,
Has anybody seen my love.
I don't know,
Has anybody seen my love?

You want to talk to me,
Go ahead and talk.
Whatever you got to say to me
Won't come as any shock.
I must be guilty of something,
You just whisper it into my ear.
Madame Butterfly
She lulled me to sleep,
In a town without pity
Where the water runs deep.
She said, "Be easy, baby,
There ain't nothin' worth stealin' in here."

You're the one I've been looking for,
You're the one that's got the key.
But I can't figure out whether I'm too good for you
Or you're too good for me.

Has anybody seen my love,
Has anybody seen my love,
Has anybody seen my love.
I don't know,
Has anybody seen my love?

Well, they're not showing any lights tonight
And there's no moon.
There's just a hot-blooded singer
Singing "Memphis in June,"
While they're beatin' the devil out of a guy
Who's wearing a powder-blue wig.
Later he'll be shot
For resisting arrest,
I can still hear his voice crying
In the wilderness.
What looks large from a distance,
Close up ain't never that big.

Never could learn to drink that blood
And call it wine,
Never could learn to hold you, love,
And call you mine./nI feel like the whole world got me pinned up against a fence
I've been hit too hard, seen too much
Nothing can heal me now but your touch
I just don't know what I'm gonna do
I was alright 'til I fell in love with you

Well, my house is on fire, burnin' to the sky
Well, I thought it would rain but the clouds passed by
And I feel like I'm comin' to the end of my way
But I know God is my shield and he won't lead me astray
Still, I don't know what I'm gonna do
I was alright 'til I fell in love with you

Boys in the street beginnin' to play
Girls like birds, flyin' away
When I'm gone you will remember my name
I'm gonna win my way to wealth and fame
Yet I just don't know what I'm gonna do
I was alright 'til I fell in love with you

Well, junk's pilin' up, takin' up space
My eyes feel like they're falling off my face
Sweat pourin' down, I'm starin' at the floor
I'm thinkin' about that girl who won't be back no more
I just don't know what to do
I was alright 'til I fell in love with you

Well, I'm tired of talkin', I'm tired of tryin' to explain
My attemps to please ya, they were all in vain
Tomorrow night before the sun goes down
If I'm still among the living, I'll be Dixie bound
Still, I just don't know what I'm gonna do
I was alright 'til I fell in love with you/nWe sit beside bridges and walk beside fountains
Catch the wild fishes that float through the stream
Time passes slowly when you're lost in a dream

Once I had a sweetheart, she was fine and good-lookin'
We sat in her kitchen while her mama was cookin'
Starin' out the window to the stars high above
Time passes slow when you're searchin' for love

Ain't no reason to go in a wagon to town
Ain't no reason to go to the fair
Ain't no reason to go up, ain't no reason to go down
Ain't no reason to go anywhere

Time passes slowly up here in the daylight
Stare straight ahead and try so hard to stay right
Like a red rose of summer that blooms in the day
Time passes slowly then fades away/nTo a deserted mansion and a desolate throne
Servant said: "Boss, the lady's gone.
She left this morning just 'fore dawn."

"You got something to tell me, tell it to me, man.
Come to the point as straight as you can."
"Old Henry Lee, chief of the clan
Came riding through the woods and took her by the hand."

The boss he lay back flat on his bed
He cursed the heat and he clutched his head
He pondered the future of his fate
To wait another day would be far too late

"Go fetch me my coat and my tie
And the cheapest labor that money can buy.
Saddle me up my buckskin mare.
If you see me go by, put up a prayer."

Well, they rode all night, and they rode all day
Eastward, long down the broad highway
His spirit was tired and his vision was bent
His men deserted him and onward he went

He came to a place where the light was dull
His forehead pounding in his skull
Heavy heart was racked with pain
Insomnia raging in his brain

Well, he threw down his helmet and his cross-handled sword
He renounced his faith, he denied his Lord
Crawled on his belly, put his ear to the wall
One way or another put an end to it all

He leaned down, cut the electric wire
Stared into the flames and he snorted the fire
Peered through the darkness, caught a glimpse of the two
It was hard to tell for certain who was who

He lowered himself down on a golden chain
His nerves were quaking in every vein
His knuckles were bloody, he sucked in the air
He ran his fingers through his greasy hair

They looked at each other and their glasses clinked
One single unit, inseparably linked
"Got a strange premonition. There's a man close by" (Henry Lee)
"Don't worry about him, he wouldn't harm a fly." (The Wife)

From behind the curtain, the Boss he crossed the floor
He moved his feet and he bolted the door
Shadows hiding the lines in his face
With all the nobility of an ancient race

She turned, she was startled with a look of surprise
With a hatred that could hit the skies
"You're a reckless fool, I could see it in your eyes.
To come this way was by no means wise."

"Get up, stand up, you greedy-lipped wench
And cover your face or suffer the consequence.
You are making my heart feel sick.
Put your clothes back on, double-quick."

"Silly boy, you think me a saint.
I'll listen no more to your words of complaint.
You've given me nothing but the sweetest lies.
Now hold your tongue and feed your eyes."

"I'd have given you the stars and the planets, too.
But what good would these things do you?
Bow the heart if not the knee
Or never again this world you'll see"

"Oh, please let not your heart be cold.
This man is dearer to me than gold."
"Oh, my dear, you must be blind.
He's a gutless ape with a worthless mind."

"You've had your way too long with me.
Now it's me who'll determine how things shall be."
"Try to escape," he cussed and cursed.
"You'll have to try to get past me first."

"Do not let your passion rule.
You think my heart the heart of a fool.
And you, sir, you can not deny
You made a monkey of me, what and for why?"

"I'll have no more of this insulting chat.
The devil can have you, I'll see to that.
Look sharp or step aside
Or in the cradle you'll wish you'd died."

The gun went boom and the shot rang clear
First bullet grazed his ear
Second ball went right straight in
And he bent in the middle like a twisted pin

He crawled to the corner and he lowered his head
He gripped the chair and he grabbed the bed
It would take more than needle and thread
Bleeding from the mouth, he's as good as dead

"You shot my husband down, you fiend."
"Husband? What husband? What the hell do you mean?
He was a man of strife, a man of sin.
I cut him down and threw him to the wind."

This she said with angry breath
"You too shall meet the Lord of Death.
It was I who brought your soul to life."
Then she raised her robe and she drew out a knife

His face was hard and caked with sweat
His arms ached and his hands were wet
"You're a murderous queen and a bloody wife.
If you don't mind, I'll have the knife."

"We're two of a kind and our blood runs hot
But we're no way similar in body or thought.
All husbands are good men, as all wives know."
Then she pierced him to the heart and his blood did flow

His knees went limp and he reached for the door
His tomb was sealed, he slid to the floor
He whispered in her ear: "This is all your fault.
My fighting days have come to a halt."

She touched his lips and kissed his cheek
He tried to speak but his breath was weak
"You died for me, now I'll die for you."
She put the blade to her heart and she ran it through

All three lovers together in a heap
Thrown into the grave, forever to sleep
Funeral torches blazed away
Through the towns and the villages all night and all day/nDown in ol' Frisco
Tell 'em
Tiny Montgomery says hello

Now ev'ry boy and girl's
Gonna get their bang
'Cause Tiny Montgomery's
Gonna shake that thing
Tell ev'rybody
Down in ol' Frisco
That Tiny Montgomery's comin'
Down to say hello

Skinny Moo and
Half-track Frank
They're gonna both be gettin'
Outa the tank
One bird book
And a buzzard and a crow
Tell 'em all
That Tiny's gonna say hello

Scratch your dad
Do that bird
Suck that pig
And bring it on home
Pick that drip
And bake that dough
Tell 'em all
That Tiny says hello

Now he's king of the drunks
An' he squeezes, too
Watch out, Lester
Take it, Lou
Join the monks
The C.I.O.
Tell 'em all
That Tiny Montgomery says hello

Now grease that pig
And sing praise
Go on out
And gas that dog
Trick on in
Honk that stink
Take it on down
And watch it grow
Play it low
And pick it up
Take it on in
In a plucking cup
Three-legged man
And a hot-lipped hoe
Tell 'em all
Montgomery says hello

Well you can tell ev'rybody
Down in ol' Frisco
Tell 'em all
Montgomery says hello/nJust you and me
Now won't you tell me true
Ain't that the way it ought to be?

To hold each other tight
The whole night through
Everything is always right
When I'm alone with you

To be alone with you
At the close of the day
With only you in view
While evening slips away

It only goes to show
That while life's pleasure's with you
The only one I know
Is when I'm alone with you

They say the night time is the right time
To be with the one you love
Too many thoughts get in the way in the day
But you're always what I'm thinking of

I wish the night was here
Bringing me all of your charms
When only you are near
To hold me in your arms

I'll always thank the Lord
When my working day is through
I get my sweet reward
To be alone with you/nThe city fathers, they're trying to endorse
The reincarnation of Paul Revere's horse
But the town has no need to be nervous

The ghost of Belle Starr, she hands down her wits
To Jezebel the nun, she violently knits
A bald wig for Jack the Ripper, who sits
At the head of the Chamber of Commerce

Mama's in the factory, she ain't got no shoes
Daddy's in the alley, he's lookin' for food
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues

The hysterical bride in the penny arcade
Screaming, she moans, "I've just been made"
Then sends for the doctor who pulls down the shade
And says, "My advice is to not let the boys in"

Now the medicine man comes and he shuffles inside
He walks with a swagger and he says to the bride
"Stop all this weeping, swallow your pride
You will not die, it's not poison"

Mama's in the factory, she ain't got no shoes
Daddy's in the alley, he's lookin' for food
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues

Well, John the Baptist, after torturing a thief
Looks up at his hero the Commander-in-Chief
Saying, "Tell me, great hero, but please make it brief
Is there a hole for me to get sick in?"

The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly
Saying, "Death to all those who would whimper and cry"
And dropping a barbell, he points to the sky
Saying, "The sun's not yellow, it's chicken"

Mama's in the factory, she ain't got no shoes
Daddy's in the alley, he's lookin' for food
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues

The king of the Philistines, his soldiers to save
Puts jawbones on their tombstones and flatters their graves
Puts the pied pipers in prison and fattens the slaves
Then sends them out to the jungle

Gypsy Davey with a blowtorch, he burns out their camps
With his faithful slave Pedro, behind him he tramps
With a fantastic collection of stamps
To win friends and influence his uncle

Mama's in the factory, she ain't got no shoes
Daddy's in the alley, he's lookin' for food
I'm in trouble with the tombstone blues

The geometry of innocent flesh on the bone
Causes Galileo's math book to get thrown
At Delilah, who's sitting worthlessly alone
But the tears on her cheeks are from laughter

I wish I could give Brother Bill his great thrill
I would set him in chains at the top of the hill
Then send out for some pillars and Cecil B. DeMille
He could die happily ever after

Mama's in the factory, she ain't got no shoes
Daddy's in the alley, he's lookin' for food
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues

Where Ma Rainey and Beethoven once unwrapped a bed roll
Tuba players now rehearse around the flagpole
And the National Bank, at a profit, sells road maps for the soul
To the old folks home and the college

I wish I could write you a melody so plain
That could hold you, dear lady, from going insane
That could ease you and cool you and cease the pain
Of your useless and pointless knowledge

Mama's in the factory, she ain't got no shoes
Daddy's in the alley, he's lookin' for food
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues/nIf tonight was not an crooked trail
If tomorrow wasn't such a long time
Then lonesome would mean nothing to me at all

Yes and only if my own true love was waiting
If I could hear her heart softly pounding
Yes and if only she was lying by me
Then I'd lie in my bed once again

I can't see my reflection in the water
I can't speak the sounds to show no pain
I can't hear the echo of my footsteps
Or remember the sounds of my own name

Yes and only if my own true love was waiting
And If I could hear her heart softly pounding
Yes and only if only she was lying by me
Then I'd lie in my bed once again

There's beauty in that silver singing river
There's beauty in that rainbow in the sky
But none of these, and nothing else can touch the beauty
That I remember in my true love's eyes

Yes and only if my own true love was waiting
If I could hear her heart softly pounding
Yes and only If only she was lying by me
Then I'd lie in my bed once again/nThrow my suitcase out there too
Throw my troubles out the door, I don't need them anymore
'Cause tonight I'll be staying here with you

I should have left this town this morning
But it was more than I could do
For your love comes on so strong and I've waited all day long
For tonight when I'll be staying here with you

Is it really any wonder
The love that a stranger might receive?
You cast your spell and I went under
I find it so difficult to leave

I can hear that whistle blowin'
I see that stationmaster too
If there's a poor boy on the street, then let him have my seat
'Cause tonight I'll be staying here with you

Throw my ticket out the window
Throw my suitcase out there too
Throw my troubles out the door, I don't need them anymore
'Cause tonight I'll be staying here with you/nCan make a man feel ill at ease
One man's temper rises
While another man's temper might freeze
Now it's a day of confession
And we cannot mock a soul
Oh, when there's too much of nothing
No one has control

Say hello to Valerie
Say hello to Vivian
Give her all my salary
On the waters of oblivion

Well, yes, too much of nothing
Can cause a man to weep
He can walk the streets like most and boast of
What he'd like to keep
But it's all been done before
It's all been written in the book
And when there's too much of nothing
Nobody should look

Say hello to Valerie
Say hello to Vivian
Give her all my salary
On the waters of oblivion

Now, too much of nothing
Can make a man a liar
It can cause some men to sleep on nails
It can cause others to eat fire
Everybody's doin' somethin'
I've heard it in a dream
But when there's too much of nothing
It just makes a fella mean

Say hello to Valerie
Say hello to Vivian
Give her all my salary
On the waters of oblivion/nThe pangs of your sadness will pass as your senses will rise
For the flowers of the city, though breathlike, get deathlike sometimes
And there's no use in trying to deal with the dying, though I cannot explain that in lines

Your cracked country lips, I still wish to kiss, as to be by the strength of your skin
Your magnetic movement still captures the minutes I'm in
But it grieves my heart, love, to see you trying to be a part of a world that just don't exist
It's all just a dream, babe, a vacuum, a scheme, babe, that sucks you into feelin' like this

I can see that your head has been twisted and fed with worthless foam from the mouth
I can tell you are torn between staying and returning back to to the south
You've been fooled into thinking that the finishing end is at hand
Yet there's no one to beat you, no one to defeat you 'cept the thoughts of yourself feeling bad

I've heard you say many times that you're better than no one and no one is better than you
If you really believe that, you know you have nothing to win and nothing to lose
From fixtures and forces and friends, your sorrow does stem
That hype you and type you, making you feel that you gotta be just like them

I'd forever talk to you, but soon my words would turn into a meaningless ring
For deep in my heart I know there's no help I can bring
Everything passes, everything changes, just do what you think you should do
And someday, maybe, who knows, baby, I'll come and be crying to you/nMeat shakin' on your bones
I'm gonna go down to the river and get some stones
Sister's on the highway with that steel-drivin' crew
Papa's in the big house, his workin' days are through
Tough Mama
Can I blow a little smoke on you?

Dark Beauty
Won't you move it on over and make some room?
It's my duty to bring you down to the field where the flowers bloom
Ashes in the furnace, dust on the rise
You came through it all the way, flyin' through the skies
Dark Beauty
With that long night's journey in your eyes

Sweet Goddess
Born of a blinding light and a changing wind
Now, don't be modest, you know who you are and where you've been
Jack the Cowboy went up north
He's buried in your past
The Lone Wolf went out drinking
That was over pretty fast
Sweet Goddess
Your perfect stranger's comin' in at last

Silver Angel
With the badge of the lonesome road sewed in your sleeve
I'd be grateful if this golden ring you would receive
Today on the countryside it was a-hotter than a crotch
I stood alone upon the ridge and all I did was watch
Sweet Goddess
It must be time to carve another notch

I'm crestfallen
The world of illusion is at my door
I ain't a-haulin' any of my lambs to the marketplace anymore
The prison walls are crumblin', there is no end in sight
I've gained some recognition but I lost my appetite
Dark Beauty
Meet me at the border late tonight/nNone/nNone/nYou got your rabbit's foot, you got your good-luck charm
But they can't help you none when there's trouble

Trouble
Trouble, trouble, trouble
Nothin' but trouble

Trouble in the water, trouble in the air
Go all the way to the other side of the world, you'll find trouble there
Revolution even ain't no solution for trouble

Trouble
Trouble, trouble, trouble
Nothin' but trouble

Drought and starvation, packaging of the soul
Persecution, execution, governments out of control
You can see the writing on the wall inviting trouble

Trouble
Trouble, trouble, trouble
Nothin' but trouble

Put your ear to the train tracks, put your ear to the ground
You ever feel like you're never alone even when there's nobody else around?
Since the beginning of the universe man's been cursed by trouble

Trouble
Trouble, trouble, trouble
Nothin' but trouble

Nightclubs of the broken-hearted, stadiums of the damned
Legislature, perverted nature, doors that are rudely slammed
Look into infinity, all you see is trouble

Trouble
Trouble, trouble, trouble
Nothin' but trouble/nNone/nDeath can be the result of the most underrated pain.
Satan whispers to ya, "Well, I don't want to bore ya,
But when ya get tired of the Miss So-and-so I got another woman for ya."

Trouble in mind, Lord, trouble in mind,
Lord, take away this trouble in mind.

When the deeds that you do don't add up to zero,
It's what's inside that counts, ask any war hero.
You think you can hide but you're never alone,
Ask Lot what he thought when his wife turned to stone.

Trouble in mind, Lord, trouble in mind,
Lord, take away this trouble in mind.

Here comes Satan, prince of the power of the air,
He's gonna make you a law unto yourself, gonna build a bird's nest in your hair.
He's gonna deaden your conscience 'til you worship the work of your own hands,
You'll be serving strangers in a strange, forsaken land.

Trouble in mind, Lord, trouble in mind,
Lord, take away this trouble in mind.

Well, your true love has caught you where you don't belong,
You say, "Baby, everybody's doing it so I guess it can't be wrong."
The truth is far from you, so you know you got to lie,
Then you're all the time defending what you can never justify.

Trouble in mind, Lord, trouble in mind,
Lord, take away this trouble in mind.

So many of my brothers, they still want to be the boss,
They can't relate to the Lord's kingdom, they can't relate to the cross.
They self-inflict punishment on their own broken lives,
Put their faith in their possessions, in their jobs or their wives.

Trouble in mind, Lord, trouble in mind,
Lord, take away this trouble in mind.

When my life is over, it'll be like a puff of smoke,
How long must I suffer, Lord, how long must I be provoked?
Satan will give you a little taste, then he'll move in with rapid speed,
Lord keep my blind side covered and see that I don't bleed./nWhen she's near me she's so hard to recognize.
But I finally realize there's no room for regret,
True love, true love, true love tends to forget.

Hold me, baby be near,
You told me that you'd be sincere.
But every day of the year like playin' Russian roulette,
True love, true love, true love tends to forget.

I was lyin' down in the reeds without any oxygen
I saw you in the wilderness among the men.
I saw you drift into infinity and come back again
All you got to do is wait and I'll tell you when.

You're a tearjerker, baby, but I'm under your spell,
You're a hard worker, baby, but I know you well.
And this weekend in hell is making me sweat,
True love, true love, true love tends to forget,
True love, true love, true love tends to forget.

I was lyin' down in the reeds without any oxygen
I saw you in the wilderness among the men.
Saw you drift into infinity and come back again
All you got to do is wait and I'll tell you when.

You belong to me, baby, without a doubt,
Don't forsake me, baby, don't sell me out.
Don't keep me knockin' about from Mexico to Tibet,
True love, true love, true love tends to forget./nTrust yourself to do the things that only you know best.
Trust yourself,
Trust yourself to do what's right and not be second-guessed.
Don't trust me to show you beauty
When beauty may only turn to rust.
If you need somebody you can trust, trust yourself.

Trust yourself,
Trust yourself to know the way that will prove true in the end.
Trust yourself,
Trust yourself to find the path where there is no if and when.
Don't trust me to show you the truth
When the truth may only be ashes and dust.
If you want somebody you can trust, trust yourself.

Well, you're on your own, you always were,
In a land of wolves and thieves.
Don't put your hope in ungodly man
Or be a slave to what somebody else believes.

Trust yourself
And you won't be disappointed when vain people let you down.
Trust yourself
And look not for answers where no answers can be found.
Don't trust me to show you love
When my love may be only lust.
If you want somebody you can trust, trust yourself./nThere's a rumbling in the skies
I've been wading through the high muddy water
With the heat rising in my eyes

Every day your memory grows dimmer
It doesn't haunt me like it did before
I've been walking through the middle of nowhere
Tryin' to get to heaven before they close the door

When I was in Missouri
They would not let me be
I had to leave there in a hurry
I only saw what they let me see

You broke a heart that loved you
Now you can seal up the book and not write anymore
I've been walking that lonesome valley
Tryin' to get to heaven before they close the door

People on the platforms
Waiting for the trains
I can hear their hearts a-beatin'
Like pendulums swinging on chains

When you think that you've lost everything
You find out you can always lose a little more
I'm just going down the road feeling bad
Tryin' to get to heaven before they close the door

I'm going down the river
Down to New Orleans
They tell me everything is gonna be all right
But I don't know what  even means

I was riding in a buggy with Miss Mary Jane
Miss Mary Jane got a house in Baltimore
I been all around the world, boys
Now I'm tryin' to get to heaven before they close the door

Gotta sleep down in the parlor
And relive my dreams
I'll close my eyes and I wonder
If everything is as hollow as it seems

Some trains don't pull no gamblers
No midnight ramblers, like they did before
I been to Sugartown, I shook the sugar down
Now I'm tryin' to get to heaven before they close the door/nTry me
Try me, little girl,
We could raise a family

Well they treat you like a dummy,
well they treat you like a slave
Nothin' bout what you said, it's all
what you gave
Try me
Try me
Try me, little girl,
We could raise a family

Well, they treat so low
at the time I'll ring out of way
Oh, nika tho nika, three's gotta you gonna way
Oh, well it's three in the morning,
I get no room
Based on cell she is sittin' on room
Try me
Try me
Try me, little girl,
We gonna raise a family/n/nPast a place called Hyde park where people talk
'Bout all kinds of different gods, they have their point of view
To anyone passing by, that's who they're talking to.

There was someone on a platform talking to the folks
About the T.V. god and all the pain that it invokes.
"It's too bright a light", he said, "For anybody's eyes,
If you've never seen one it's a blessing in disguise."

I moved in closer, got up on my toes,
Two men in front of me were coming to blows
The man was saying something 'bout children when they're young
Being sacrificed to it while lullabies are being sung.

"The news of the day is on all the time,
All the latest gossip, all the latest rhyme,
Your mind is your temple, keep it beautiful and free,
Don't let an egg get laid in it by something you can't see."

"Pray for peace!". he said, you could feel it in the crowd.
My thoughts began to wander. His voice was ringing loud,
"It will destroy your family, your happy home is gone
No one can protect you from it once you turn it on."

"It will led you into some strange pursuits,
Lead you to the land of forbidden fruits.
It will scramble up your head and drag your brain about,
Sometimes you gotta do like Elvis did and shoot the damn thing out."

"It's all been designed", he said, "To make you lose your mind,
And when you go back to find it, there's nothing there to find."
"Everytime you look at it, your situation's worse,
If you feel it grabbing out for you, send for the nurse."

The crowd began to riot and they grabbed hold of the man,
There was pushing, there was shoving and everybody ran.
The T.V. crew was there to film it, they jumped right over me,
Later on that evening, I watched it on T.V../nThey're throwing knives into the tree
Two big bags of dead man's bones
Got their noses to the grindstones

Living in the Land of Nod
Trustin' their fate to the hands of God
They pass by so silently
Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee

Well, they're going to the country, they're gonna retire
They're taking a streetcar named Desire
Looking in the window at the pecan pie
Lot of things they'd like they would never buy

Neither one gonna turn and run
They're making a voyage to the sun

Says Tweedle-dee Dum to Tweedle-dee Dee

Tweedle-dee Dee and Tweedle-dee Dum
All that and more and then some
They walk among the stately trees
They know the secrets of the breeze

Tweedle-dee Dum said to Tweedle-dee Dee

They're like babies sittin' on a woman's knee
Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee

Well, the rain beating down on my window pane
I got love for you and it's all in vain
Brains in the pot, they're beginning to boil
They're dripping with garlic and olive oil

Tweedle-dee Dee, he's on his hands and his knees
Saying, 
Says Tweedle-dee Dum to Tweedle-dee Dee

Well, they're living in a happy harmony
Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee
They're one day older and a dollar short
They've got a parade permit and a police escort

They're lying low and they're makin' hay
They seem determined to go all the way
They run a brick and tile company
Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee

Well a childish dream is a deathless need
And a noble truth is a sacred creed
My pretty baby, she's lookin' around
She's wearin' a multi-thousand dollar gown

Tweedle-dee Dee is a lowdown, sorry old man
Tweedle-dee Dum, he'll stab you where you stand

Says, Tweedle-dee Dum to Tweedle-dee Dee/nNone/nHer eyebrows meet she wears sexy damn clothes
She screams when I stutter and she walks with a hop
I don't know why I love her but I just can't stop
You know I love her  yeah I love her
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world

If I ever lose her I'll go insane
I go Heaven crazy when she calls my name
She says baby baby baby I l-l-l-love you
There ain't nothing in the world that I wouldn't do
You know I love her  yeah I love her
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world

The woman that I love she's got two flat feet
Her knees knock together walking down the street
She cracks her knuckles and she snores in bed
She ain't much to look at but like I said
I love her  yeah I love her
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world

(She's so ugly.... gotta be ugly....)

I don't mean to say that she's got nothing done
She's got a weird sense of humor that's all her own
When I get low she sets me on my feet
Got a five inch smile but her breath is sweet
You know I love her (she's so ugly)
yeah I love her (man she's ugly)
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world

(she's so ugly....  man she's ugly)
(gotta be ugly....  woman be ugly)
(ugly ugly....  she's so ugly)

Well the woman that I love she's got a hook in her nose
Her eyebrows meet she wears sexy damn clothes
she screams when I stutter and she walks with a hop
I don't know why I love her but I just can't stop
You know I love her  yeah I love her
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world/nIt's inconceivable it could happen to you.
You go north and you go south
Just like bait in the fish's mouth.
Ya must be livin' in the shadow of some kind of evil star.
It's unbelievable it would get this far.

It's undeniable what they'd have you to think,
It's indescribable it can drive you to drink.
They said it was the land of milk and honey,
now they say it's the land of money.
Who ever thought they could ever make that stick.
It's unbelievable you can get this quick.

Every head is so dignified, every moon is so sanctified,
Every urge is so satisfied as long as you're with me.
All the silver, all the gold, all the sweethearts you can hold
That don't come back with stories untold, are hanging on a tree.

It's unbelievable like a lead balloon,
It's so impossible to even learn the tune.
Kill that beast and feed that swine,
Scale that wall and smoke that vine,
Feed that horse and saddle up the drum.
It's unbelievable, the day would finally come.

Once there was a man who had no eyes,
Every lady in the land told him lies,
He stood beneath the silver skies
And his heart began to bleed.
Every brain is civilized,
Every nerve is analyzed,
Everything is criticized when you are in need.

It's unbelievable, it's fancy-free,
So interchangeable, so delightful to see.
Turn your back, wash your hands,
There's always someone who understands
It don't matter no more what you got to say
It's unbelievable it would go down this way./nNone/nAnd they lived in an alley under the red sky.
There was a little boy and there was a little girl
And they lived in an alley under the red sky.

There was an old man and he lived in the moon,
One summer's day he came passing by.
There was an old man and he lived in the moon,
And one day he came passing by.

Someday little girl, everything for you is gonna be new
Someday little girl you'll have a diamond as big as your shoe

Let the wind blow low, let the wind blow high.
One day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie.
Let the wind blow low, let the wind blow high.
One day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie.

This is the key to the kingdom and this is the town
This is the blind horse that leads you around

Let the bird sing, let the bird fly,
One day the man in the moon went home and the river went dry.
Let the bird sing, let the bird fly,
The man in the moon went home and the river went dry./nDon't know how much of this I can take
Baby, I'm under your spell

I was knocked out and loaded in the naked night
When my last dream exploded, I noticed your light
Baby, oh what a story I could tell

It's been nice seeing you, you read me like a book
If you ever want to reach me, you know where to look
Baby, I'll be at the same hotel

I'd like to help you but I'm in a bit of a jam
I'll call you tomorrow if there's phones where I am
Baby, caught between heaven and hell

But I will be back, I will survive
You'll never get rid of me as long as you're alive
Baby, can't you tell

Well, it's four in the morning by the sound of the birds
I'm starin' at your picture, I'm hearin' your words
Baby, they ring in my head like a bell

Everywhere you go it's enough to break hearts
Someone always gets hurt, a fire always starts
You were too hot to handle, you were breaking every vow
I trusted you, baby, you can trust me now

Turn back, baby, wipe your eye
Don't think I 'm leaving you here without a kiss goodbye
Baby, is there anything left to tell?

I'll see you later when I'm not so out of my head
Maybe next time I'll let the dead bury the dead
Baby, what more can I tell?

Well, the desert is hot, the mountain is cursed
Pray that I don't die of thirst
Baby, two feet from the well/nMy flashlight's from Taiwan,
My tablecloth's from Malaysia,
My belt buckle's from the Amazon.
You know, this shirt I wear comes from the Philippines
And the car I drive is a Chevrolet,
It was put together down in Argentina
By a guy makin' thirty cents a day.

Well, it's sundown on the union
And what's made in the U.S.A.
Sure was a good idea
'Til greed got in the way.

Well, this silk dress is from Hong Kong
And the pearls are from Japan.
Well, the dog collar's from India
And the flower pot's from Pakistan.
All the furniture, it says "Made in Brazil"
Where a woman, she slaved for sure
Bringin' home thirty cents a day to a family of twelve,
You know, that's a lot of money to her.

Well, it's sundown on the union
And what's made in the U.S.A.
Sure was a good idea 
'Til greed got in the way.

Well, you know, lots of people complainin' that there is no work.
I say, "Why you say that for
When nothin' you got is U.S.-made?"
They don't make nothin' here no more,
You know, capitalism is above the law.
It say, "It don't count 'less it sells."
When it costs too much to build it at home
You just build it cheaper someplace else.

Well, it's sundown on the union
And what's made in the U.S.A.
Sure was a good idea
'Til greed got in the way.

Well, the job that you used to have,
They give it to somebody down in El Salvador.
The unions are big business, friend,
And they're goin' out like a dinosaur.
Well they used to grow food in Kansas
Now they want to grow it on the moon and eat it raw.
I can see the day coming when even your home garden
Is gonna be against the law.

Well, it's sundown on the union
And what's made in the U.S.A.
Sure was a good idea
'Til greed got in the way.

Democracy don't rule the world,
You'd better get that in your head.
This world is ruled by violence
But I guess that's better left unsaid.
From Broadway to the Milky Way,
That's a lot of territory indeed
And a man's gonna do what he has to do
When he's got a hungry mouth to feed.

Well, it's sundown on the union
And what's made in the U.S.A.
Sure was a good idea
'Til greed got in the way./nDeath kept followin', trackin' us down, at least I heard your bluebird sing
Now somebody's got to show their hand, time is an enemy
I know you're long gone
I guess it must be up to me

If I'd thought about it I never would've done it, I guess I would've let it slide
If I'd lived my life by what others were thinkin', the heart inside me would've died
I was just too stubborn to ever be governed by enforced insanity
Someone had to reach for the risin' star
I guess it was up to me

Oh, the Union Central is pullin' out and the orchids are in bloom
I've only got me one good shirt left and it smells of stale perfume
In fourteen months I've only smiled once and I didn't do it consciously
Somebody's got to find your trail
I guess it must be up to me

It was like a revelation when you betrayed me with your touch
I'd just about convinced myself that nothin' had changed that much
The old Rounder in the iron mask slipped me the master key
Somebody had to unlock your heart
He said it was up to me

Well, I watched you slowly disappear down into the officers' club
I would've followed you in the door but I didn't have a ticket stub
So I waited all night 'til the break of day, hopin' one of us could get free
When the dawn came over the river bridge
I knew it was up to me

Oh, the only decent thing I did when I worked as a postal clerk
Was to haul your picture down off the wall near the cage where I used to work
Was I a fool or not to try to protect your identity?
You looked a little burned out, my friend
I thought it might be up to me

Well, I met somebody face to face and I had to remove my hat
She's everything I need and love but I can't be swayed by that
It frightens me, the awful truth of how sweet life can be
But she ain't a-gonna make me move
I guess it must be up to me

We heard the Sermon on the Mount and I knew it was too complex
It didn't amount to anything more than what the broken glass reflects
When you bite off more than you can chew you pay the penalty
Somebody's got to tell the tale
I guess it must be up to me

Well, Dupree came in pimpin' tonight to the Thunderbird Cafe
Crystal wanted to talk to him, I had to look the other way
Well, I just can't rest without you, love, I need your company
But you ain't a-gonna cross the line
I guess it must be up to me

There's a note left in the bottle, you can give it to Estelle
She's the one you been wond'rin' about, but there's really nothin' much to tell
We both heard voices for a while, now the rest is history
Somebody's got to cry some tears
I guess it must be up to me

So go on, boys, and play your hands, life is a pantomime
The ringleaders from the county seat say you don't have all that much time
And the girl with me behind the shades, she ain't my property
One of us has got to hit the road
I guess it must be up to me

And if we never meet again, baby, remember me
How my lone guitar played sweet for you that old-time melody
And the harmonica around my neck, I blew it for you, free
No one else could play that tune
You know it was up to me/nWe'll sit here stranded though we're all doing our best to deny it
And Louise holds a handful of rain
Tempting you to defy it

Lights flicker from the opposite loft
In this room the heat pipes just cough
The country music station plays soft
But there's nothing, really nothing to turn off

Just Louise
And her lover, so entwined
And these visions of Johanna
That conquer my mind

In the empty lot where the ladies play blind man's bluff with the key chain
And the all-night girls, they whisper of escapades out on the D Train
We can hear the nightwatchman click his flashlight
Ask himself if it's him or them that's insane

Louise, she's alright, she's just near
She's delicate and seems like the mirror
But she makes it all to concise and clear
That Johanna's not here

The ghost of electricity
Howls in the bones of her face
Where these visions of Johanna
Have now taken my place

Now, little boy lost, he takes himself so seriously
He brags of his misery, he likes to live dangerously
And when bringing her name up
He speaks of a farewell kiss to me

He's sure got a lot of gall
To be so useless and all
Muttering small talk at the wall
While I'm in the hall

Oh, how can I explain?
It's so hard to get on
And these visions of Johanna
They've kept me up past the dawn

Inside the museums, infinity goes up on trial
Voices echo this is what salvation must be like after a while
But Mona Lisa must have had the highway blues
You can tell by the way she smiles

See the primitive wallflower freeze
When the jelly-faced women all sneeze
Hear the one with the mustache say "Jeez,
I can't find my knees"

Both jewels and binoculars
Hang from the head of the mule
But these visions of Johanna
They make it all seem so cruel

The peddler now speaks to the countess who's pretending to care for him
Saying, "Name me someone that's not a parasite and I'll go out and say a prayer for him"
But like Louise always says
"You can't look at much, can you man?" as she herself prepares for him

My Madonna, she still has not showed
We see this empty cage now corrode
Where her cape of the stage once had flowed
The fiddler, he now steps to the road
He writes "Everything's been returned which was owed"
On the back of the fish truck that loads
While my conscience explodes

The harmonicas play
The skeleton keys and the rain
And these visions of Johanna
Are now all that remain/nNone/nNone/nI'm walkin' down the line
An' I'm walkin' down the line.
My feet'll be a-flyin'
To tell about my troubled mind.

I got a heavy-headed gal
I got a heavy-headed gal
I got a heavy-headed gal
She ain't feelin' well
When she's better only time will tell

Well, I'm walkin' down the line,
I'm walkin' down the line
An' I'm walkin' down the line.
My feet'll be a-flyin'
To tell about my troubled mind.

My money comes and goes
My money comes and goes
My money comes and goes
And rolls and flows and rolls and flows
Through the holes in the pockets in my clothes

Well, I'm walkin' down the line,
I'm walkin' down the line
An' I'm walkin' down the line.
My feet'll be a-flyin'
To tell about my troubled mind.

I see the morning light
I see the morning light
Well it's not because
I'm an early riser
I didn't go to sleep last night

Well, I'm walkin' down the line,
I'm walkin' down the line
An' I'm walkin' down the line.
My feet'll be a-flyin'
To tell about my troubled mind.

I got my walkin' shoes
I got my walkin' shoes
I got my walkin' shoes
An' I ain't a-gonna lose
I believe I got the walkin' blues

Well, I'm walkin' down the line,
I'm walkin' down the line
An' I'm walkin' down the line.
My feet'll be a-flyin'
To tell about my troubled mind./nWon't you dance with me?
I'm sad and lonely too
Wallflower, wallflower
Won't you dance with me?
I'm fallin' in love with you

Just like you I'm wondrin' what I'm doin' here
Just like you I'm wondrin' what's goin' on

Wallflower, wallflower
Won't you dance with me?
The night will soon be gone

I have seen you standing in the smoky haze
And I know that you're gonna be mine one of these days
Mine alone

Wallflower, wallflower
Take a chance on me
Please let me ride you home

Wallflower, wallflower
Won't you dance with me?
I'm sad and lonely too
Wallflower, wallflower
Take a chance on me
I'm fallin' in love with you/nI remember quite freely:
No younger than twelve,
No older 'n seventeen.
Thrown in like bandits
And cast off like criminals,
Inside the walls,
The walls of Red Wing.

From the dirty old mess hall
You march to the brick wall,
Too weary to talk
And too tired to sing.
Oh, it's all afternoon
You remember your home town,
Inside the walls,
The walls of Red Wing.

Oh, the gates are cast iron
And the walls are barbed wire.
Stay far from the fence
With the 'lectricity sting.
And it's keep down your head
And stay in your number,
Inside the walls,
The walls of Red Wing.

Oh, it's fare thee well
To the deep hollow dungeon,
Farewell to the boardwalk
That takes you to the screen.
And farewell to the minutes
They threaten you with it,
Inside the walls,
The walls of Red Wing.

It's many a guard
That stands around smilin',
Holdin' his club
Like he was a king.
Hopin' to get you
Behind a wood pilin',
Inside the walls,
The walls of Red Wing.

The night aimed shadows
Through the crossbar windows,
And the wind punched hard
To make the wall-siding sing.
It's many a night I pretended to be a-sleepin',
Inside the walls,
The walls of Red Wing.

As the rain rattled heavy
On the bunk-house shingles,
And the sounds in the night,
They made my ears ring.
'Til the keys of the guards
Clicked the tune of the morning,
Inside the walls,
The walls of Red Wing.

Oh, some of us'll end up
In St. Cloud Prison,
And some of us'll wind up
To be lawyers and things,
And some of us'll stand up
To meet you on your crossroads,
From inside the walls,
The walls of Red Wing./nNone/nNone/nI don't have much to say
Daylight sneakin' through the window
And I'm still in this all-night cafe
Walkin' to and fro beneath the moon
Out to where the trucks are rollin' slow
To sit down on this bank of sand
And watch the river flow

Wish I was back in the city
Instead of this old bank of sand
With the sun beating down over the chimney tops
And the one I love so close at hand
If I had wings and I could fly
I know where I would go
But right now I'll just sit here so contentedly
And watch the river flow

People disagreeing on all just about everything, yeah
Makes you stop and all wonder why
Why only yesterday I saw somebody on the street
Who just couldn't help but cry
Oh, this ol' river keeps on rollin', though
No matter what gets in the way and which way the wind does blow
And as long as it does I'll just sit here
And watch the river flow

People disagreeing everywhere you look
Makes you wanna stop and read a book
Why only yesterday I saw somebody on the street
That was really shook
But this ol' river keeps on rollin', though
No matter what gets in the way and which way the wind does blow
And as long as it does I'll just sit here
And watch the river flow

Watch the river flow
Watchin' the river flow
Watchin' the river flow
But I'll sit down on this bank of sand
And watch the river flow/nBelieves all things, won't pull no strings
Won't sneak up into your room, tall, dark and handsome
Capture your soul and hold it for ransom

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love

Love that's pure, it don't make no false claims
Intercedes for you 'stead of casting you blame
Will not deceive you or lead you to transgression
Won't write it up and make you sign a false confession

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love

Love that's pure won't lead you astray
Won't hold you back, won't get in your way
Won't pervert you, corrupt you with stupid wishes
It don't make you envious, it don't make you suspicious

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love

Love that's pure, no accident
It knows what it knows, is always content
An eternal flame, quietly burning
Never needs to be proud, restlessly yearning

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love/nMaybe when we both get sober
You'll understand I'm only a man
Doin' the best that I can.

This situation can only get rougher.
Why should we needlessly suffer?
Let's call it a day, go our own different ways
Before we decay.

You don't have to be afraid of looking into my face,
We've done nothing to each other time will not erase.

I feel displaced, I got a low-down feeling
You been two-faced, you been double-dealing.
I took a chance, got caught in the trance
Of a downhill dance.

Oh, child, why you wanna hurt me?
I'm exiled, you can't convert me.
I'm lost in the haze of your delicate ways
With both eyes glazed.

You don't have to yearn for love, you don't have to be alone,
Somewheres in this universe there's a place that you can call home.

I guess I'll be leaving tomorrow
If I have to beg, steal or borrow.
It'd be great to cross paths in a day and a half
Look at each other and laugh.

But I don't think it's liable to happen
Like the sound of one hand clappin'.
The vows that we kept are now broken and swept
'Neath the bed where we slept.

Don't think of me and fantasize on what we never had,
Be grateful for what we've shared together and be glad.

Why should we go on watching each other through a telescope?
Eventually we'll hang ourselves on all this tangled rope.

Oh, babe, time for a new transition
I wish I was a magician.
I would wave a wand and tie back the bond
That we've both gone beyond./nI love you more than money and more than the stars above,
Love you more than madness, more than waves upon the sea,
Love you more than life itself, you mean that much to me.

Ever since you walked right in, the circle's been complete, 
I've said goodbye to haunted rooms and faces in the street, 
To the courtyard of the jester which is hidden from the sun, 
I love you more than ever and I haven't yet begun. 

You breathed on me and made my life a richer one to live, 
When I was deep in poverty you taught me how to give, 
Dried the tears up from my dreams and pulled me from the hole, 
Quenched my thirst and satisfied the burning in my soul. 

You gave me babies one, two, three, what is more, you saved my life,
Eye for eye and tooth for tooth, your love cuts like a knife, 
My thoughts of you don't ever rest; they'd kill me if I lie, 
I'd sacrifice the world for you and watch my senses die. 

The tune that is yours and mine to play upon this earth, 
We'll play it out the best we know, whatever it is worth, 
What's lost is lost; we can't regain what went down in the flood, 
But happiness to me is you and I love you more than blood. 

It's never been my duty to remake the world at large, 
Nor is it my intention to sound a battle charge, 
'Cause I love you more than all of that with a love that doesn't bend, 
And if there is eternity I'd love you there again. 

Oh, can't you see that you were born to stand by my side. 
And I was born to be with you, you were born to be my bride, 
You're the other half of what I am; you're the missing piece. 
And I love you more than ever with that love that doesn't cease. 

You turn the tide on me each day and teach my eyes to see, 
Just bein' next to you is a natural thing for me. 
And I could never let you go, no matter what goes on, 
'Cause I love you more than ever now that the past is gone./nNone/nStaying in a big hotel
He smiled when he saw me comin' an' he said: "well, well, well"
His room was dark and crowded 
lights were low and dim
"How are you"? he said to me 
I said it back to him

I went down to the lobby
To make a small call out
A pretty dancing girl was there and she began to shout
Go on back to see The Gypsy
He can move you from the rear
Drive you from your fear
Bring you through the mirror
He did it in Las Vegas 
An' he can do it here

Outside the lights were shining
On the river of tears
I watched him from the distance with the music in my ears
I went back to see The Gypsy
It was nearly early dawn 
The Gypsy's door was open wide but The Gypsy was gone
And that pretty dancing girl
She could not be found 
So I watched that sun come rising from a little Minnesota town
From that little Minnesota town/nWhat can I do for You?
You have given me eyes to see
What can I do for You?

Pulled me out of bondage and You made me renewed inside
Filled up a hunger that had always been denied
Opened up a door no man can shut and You opened it up so wide
And You've chosen me to be among the few
What can I do for You?

You have laid down Your life for me
What can I do for You?
You have explained every mystery
What can I do for You?

Soon as a man is born, you know the sparks begin to fly
He gets wise in his own eyes and he's made to believe a lie
Who would deliver him from the death he's bound to die?
Well, You've done it all and there's no more anyone can pretend to do
What can I do for You?

You have given all there is to give
What can I do for You?
You have given me life to live
How can I live for You?

I know all about poison, I know all about fiery darts
I don't care how rough the road is, show me where it starts
Whatever pleases You, tell it to my heart
Well, I don't deserve it but I sure did make it through
What can I do for You?/nNone/nIf I just turned away, when I see how you're dressed
If I shut myself off so I can't hear you cry
What good am I?

What good am I if I know and don't do
If I see and don't say, if I look right through you
If I turn a deaf ear to the thunderin' sky
What good am I?

What good am I while you softly weep
And I hear in my head what you say in your sleep
And I freeze in the moment like the rest who don't try
What good am I?

What good am I then to others and me
If I've had every chance and yet still fail to see
If my hands tied must I not wonder within
Who tied them and why and where must I have been

What good am I if I say foolish things
And I laugh in the face of what sorrow brings
And I just turn my back while you silently die
What good am I?/nNone/nTell me again so I'll know.
What's happening in there,
What's going on in your show.
What was it you wanted,
Could you say it again?
I'll be back in a minute
You can get it together by then.

What was it you wanted
You can tell me, I'm back,
We can start it all over
Get it back on the track,
You got my attention,
Go ahead, speak.
What was it you wanted
When you were kissing my cheek?

Was there somebody looking
When you give me that kiss
Someone there in the shadows
Someone that I might have missed?
Is there something you needed,
Something I don't understand.
What was it you wanted,
Do I have it here in my hand?

Whatever you wanted
Slipped out of my mind,
Would you remind me again
If you'd be so kind.
Has the record been breaking,
Did the needle just skip,
Is there somebody waitin',
Was there a slip of the lip?

What was it you wanted
I ain't keepin' score
Are you the same person
That was here before?
Is it something important?
Maybe not.
What was it you wanted?
Tell me again I forgot.

Whatever you wanted
What could it be
Did somebody tell you
That you could get it from me,
Is it something that comes natural
Is it easy to say,
Why do you want it,
Who are you anyway?

Is the scenery changing,
Am I getting it wrong,
Is the whole thing going backwards,
Are they playing our song?
Where were you when it started
Do you want it for free
What was it you wanted
Are you talking to me?/nThe strongest wall will crumble and fall to a mighty God.
For all those who have eyes and all those who have ears
It is only He who can reduce me to tears.
Don't you cry and don't you die and don't you burn
For like a thief in the night, He'll replace wrong with right
When He returns.

Truth is an arrow and the gate is narrow that it passes through,
He unleashed His power at an unknown hour that no one knew.
How long can I listen to the lies of prejudice?
How long can I stay drunk on fear out in the wilderness?
Can I cast it aside, all this loyalty and this pride?
Will I ever learn that there'll be no peace, that the war won't cease
Until He returns?

Surrender your crown on this blood-stained ground, take off your mask,
He sees your deeds, He knows your needs even before you ask.
How long can you falsify and deny what is real?
How long can you hate yourself for the weakness you conceal?
Of every earthly plan that be known to man, He is unconcerned,
He's got plans of His own to set up His throne
When He returns./nYes, when I got those troubles, troubles on my mind
Well, I'm gonna forget my troubles, leave my troubles behind, behind.

I'm gonna swing me up, swing me down
Grab my baby, and wind, wind, wind,
Well swing your troubles, swing your troubles away
Well swing, baby, swing your troubles today./nAncient footprints are everywhere.
You can almost think that you're seein' double
On a cold, dark night on the Spanish Stairs.
Got to hurry on back to my hotel room,
Where I've got me a date with Botticelli's niece.
She promised that she'd be right there with me
When I paint my masterpiece.

Oh, the hours that I've spent inside the Coliseum,
Dodging lions and wastin' time.
Oh, those mighty kings of the jungle, I could hardly stand to see 'em,
Yes, it sure has been a long, hard climb.
Train wheels runnin' through the back of my memory,
As the daylight hours do increase.
Someday, everything is gonna be smooth like a rhapsody
When I paint my masterpiece.

I left Rome and landed in Brussels,
With a picture of a tall oak tree by my side.
Clergymen in uniform and young girls pullin' muscles,
Everyone was there, but nobody tried to hide.
Newspapermen eating candy,
Had to be held down by big police.
Someday, everything is gonna be diff'rent
When I paint my masterpiece./nWhere wisdom grows up in strife
My bewildered brain toils in vain
Through the darkness on the pathways of life

Each invisible prayer is like a cloud in the air
Tomorrow keeps turning around
We live and we die, we know not why
But I'll be with you when the deal goes down

We eat and we drink, we feel and we think
Far down the street we stray
I laugh and I cry and I'm haunted by
Things I never meant nor wished to say

The midnight rain follows the train
We all wear the same thorny crown
Soul to soul, our shadows roll
And I'll be with you when the deal goes down

Well, the moon gives light and it shines by night
When I scarcely feel the glow
We learn to live and then we forgive
O'er the road we're bound to go

More frailer than the flowers, these precious hours
That keep us so tightly bound
You come to my eyes like a vision from the skies
And I'll be with you when the deal goes down

Well, I picked up a rose and it poked through my clothes
I followed the winding stream
I heard the deafening noise, I felt transient joys
I know they're not what they seem

In this earthly domain full of disappointment and pain
You'll never see me frown
I owe my heart to you and that's sayin' it true
And I'll be with you when the deal goes down/nSmoke is in your eye, you draw a smile
From the fireplace where my letters to you are burning
You've had time to think about it for a while

Well, I've walked two hundred miles, now look me over
It's the end of the chase and the moon is high
It won't matter who loves who
You'll love me or I'll love you
When the night comes falling from the sky

I can see through your walls and I know you're hurting
Sorrow covers you up like a cape
Only yesterday I know that you've been flirting
With disaster that you managed to escape

I can't provide for you no easy answers
Who are you that I should have to lie?
You'll know all about it, love
It'll fit you like a glove
When the night comes falling from the sky

I can hear your trembling heart beat like a river
You must have been protecting someone last time I called
I've never asked you for nothing you couldn't deliver
I've never asked you to set yourself up for a fall

I saw thousands who could have overcome the darkness
For the love of a lousy buck, I've watched them die
Stick around, baby, we're not through
Don't look for me, I'll see you
When the night comes falling from the sky

In your teardrops, I can see my own reflection
It was on the northern border of Texas where I crossed the line
I don't want to be a fool starving for affection
I don't want to drown in someone else's wine

For all eternity I think I will remember
That icy wind that's howling in your eye
You will seek me and you'll find me In the wasteland of your mind
When the night comes falling from the sky

Well, I sent you my feelings in a letter
But you were gambling for support
This time tomorrow I'll know you better
When my memory is not so short

This time I'm asking for freedom
Freedom from a world which you deny
And you'll give it to me now
I'll take it anyhow
When the night comes falling from the sky/nAnd the breeze will cease to be breathin'
Like the stillness in the wind before the hurricane begins
The hour that the ship comes in

And the sea will split and the ships will hit
And the sands on the shoreline will be shaking
And the tide will sound and the waves will pound
And the morning will be a-breaking

The fishes will laugh as they swim out of the path
And the seagulls, they'll be smiling
And the rocks on the sand will proudly stand
The hour that the ship comes in

And the words that are used for to get the ship confused
Will not be understood as they're spoken
For the chains of the sea will have busted in the night
And be buried at the bottom of the ocean

A song will lift as the mainsail shifts
And the boat drifts onto the shoreline
And the sun will respect every face on the deck
The hour that the ship comes in

And the sands will roll out a carpet of gold
For your weary toes to be a-touchin'
And the ship's wise men will remind you once again
That the whole wide world is watchin'

Oh, the foes will rise with the sleep still in their eyes
And they'll jerk from their beds and think they're dreaming
But they'll pinch themselves and squeal and they'll know that it's for real
The hour that the ship comes in

And they'll raise their hands, saying "We'll meet all your demands"
But we'll shout from the bow, "Your days are numbered"
And like Pharaoh's tribe they'll be drowned in the tide
And like Goliath they'll be conquered/nYou got some big dreams, baby, but in order to dream you gotta still be asleep.
  
When you gonna wake up,
When you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up
And strengthen the things that remain?
  
Counterfeit philosophies have polluted all of your thoughts.
Karl Marx has got ya by the throat, and Henry Kissinger's got you tied up in knots.
  
When you gonna wake up,
When you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up
And strengthen the things that remain?
  
You got innocent men in jail,
Your insane asylums are filled,
You got unrighteous doctors
Dealing drugs that'll never cure your ills.
  
When you gonna wake up,
When you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up
And strengthen the things that remain?
  
You got men who can't hold their peace and women who can't control their tongues,
The rich seduce the poor and the old are seduced by the young.
  
When you gonna wake up,
When you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up
And strengthen the things that remain?
  
Adulterers in churches and pornography in the schools,
You got gangsters in power and lawbreakers making rules.
  
When you gonna wake up,
When you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up
And strengthen the things that remain?
  
Spiritual advisors and gurus to guide your every move,
Instant inner peace and every step you take has got to be approved.
  
When you gonna wake up,
Said when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up
And strengthen the things that remain?
  
Do you ever wonder just what God requires?
You think He's just an errand boy to satisfy your wandering desires.
  
When you gonna wake up,
When you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up
And strengthen the things that remain?
  
You can't take it with you and you know that it's too worthless to be sold,
They tell you, "Time is money" as if your life was worth its weight in gold.
  
There's a Man up on a cross and He's been crucified for you.
Believe in His power that's about all you got to do.
  
When you gonna wake up,
When you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up
And strengthen the things that remain?/nNone/nTears on the letter I write
There's a woman I long to touch and I'm missin' her so much
But she's drifting like a satellite

There's a neon light ablaze in a green smoky haze
And laughter down on Elizabeth Street
There's a lonesome bell tone in that valley of stone
Where she bathed in a stream of pure heat

Her father would emphasize you got to be more than street-wise
But he practiced what he preached from the heart
A full-blooded Cherokee, he predicted it to me
The time and the place that we'd part

There's a babe in the arms of a woman in a rage
And a longtime golden-haired stripper onstage
And she winds back the clock and she turns back the page
Of a book that nobody can write
Oh, where are you tonight?

The truth was obscure, too profound and too pure
To live it you had to explode
In that last hour of need, we entirely agreed
Sacrifice was the code of the road

I left town at dawn, with Marcel and St. John
Strong men belittled by doubt
I couldn't tell her what my private thoughts were
But she had some way of finding them out

He took dead-center aim, but he missed just the same
She was waiting, putting flowers on the shelf
She could feel my despair as I climbed up her hair
And discovered her invisible self

There's a lion in the road, there's a demon escaped
There's a million dreams gone, there's a landscape being raped
As her beauty fades and I watch her undrape
Well I won't, but then maybe again, I might
Oh, if I could just find you tonight

I fought with my twin, that enemy within
Till both of us fell by the way
Horseplay and disease is killing me by degrees
While the law looks the other way

Your partners in crime hit me up for nickels and dimes
The man you were lovin' could never get clean
It felt out of place, my foot in his face
But he shoulda stayed where his money was green

I bit into the root of forbidden fruit
With the juice running down my leg
Then I dealt with your boss, who'd never known about loss
Who always was too proud to beg

There's a white diamond gloom on the dark side of this room
And a pathway that leads up to the stars
If you don't believe there's a price for this sweet paradise
Just remind me to show you the scars

There's a new day at dawn and I've finally arrived
If I'm-a there in the morning, baby, you'll know I've survived
I can't believe it, I can't believe I'm alive
But without you it doesn't seem right
Oh, where are you tonight?/nFar away from it all,
There is a place you go
Where teardrops fall.

Far away in the stormy night,
Far away and over the wall,
You are there in the flickering light
Where teardrops fall.

We banged the drum slowly
And played the fife lowly
You know the song in my heart
Bridge: In the turning of twilight
In the shadows of moonlight
You can show me a new place to start

I've torn my clothes and I've drained the cup
Strippin' away at it all,
Thinking of you when the sun comes up
Where teardrops fall.

By rivers of blindness,
In love and with kindness
We could hold up a toast if we meet
Bridge: To the cuttin' of fences
To sharpen the senses
That linger in the fireball heat.

Roses are red, violets are blue
And time is beginning to crawl,
I just might have to come see you
Where teardrops fall./nNone/nNone/nNone/nWith a mind that multiplied the smallest matter
When questioned who had sent for him, he answered with his thumb
For his tongue, it could not speak, but only flatter

He stayed behind the assembly hall, it was there he made his bed
Oftentimes he could be seen returning
Until one day he just appeared with a note in his hand which read
"The soles of my feet, I swear they're burning"

Oh, the leaves began to falling and the seas began to part
And the people that confronted him were many
And he was told but these few words, which opened up his heart
"If you cannot bring good news, then don't bring any"/nWiggle, wiggle, wiggle, all dressed in green
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle till the moon is blue
Wiggle till the moon sees you

Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle in your boots and shoes
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, you got nothing to lose
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, like a swarm of bees
Wiggle on your hands and knees

Wiggle to the front, wiggle to the rear
Wiggle till you wiggle right out of here
Wiggle till it opens, wiggle till it shuts
Wiggle till it bites, wiggle till it cuts

Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a bowl of soup
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a rolling hoop
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a ton of lead
Wiggle, you can raise the dead

Wiggle till you're high, wiggle till you're higher
Wiggle till you vomit fire
Wiggle till it whispers, wiggle till it hums
Wiggle till it answers, wiggle till it comes

Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like satin and silk
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like pail of milk
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, rattle and shake
Wiggle like a big fat snake/n/nNone/nAnd the nations can't agree
On all that all the nations
But nobody feels very sorry for me
If I lost everything of all the saving grace
Yeah, but I can't help this smog
The day I feel it
She sure is standing
Now the holy book is written
Oh, what page
All are there
And as for a natural warning
But nobody done yet understand
Just like Pharaoh and his armies
They were made of a solid breath, yeah, and
That old bad wolf's gonna howl his way from morning
Holed in some big cavern
I would sit and wait, calling my children outside
But I just don't mean to hesitate
And if I was a master leader
I would attempt to laugh and rage
Yet the wild wolf he's big old bad 
And not a babe/nWinterlude by the road tonight
Tonight there will be no quarrelin'
Ev'rything is gonna be all right
Oh, I see by the angel beside me
That love has a reason to shine
You're the one I adore, come over here and give me more
Then Winterlude, this dude thinks you're fine

Winterlude, Winterlude, my little apple
Winterlude by the corn in the field
Winterlude, let's go down to the chapel
Then come back and cook up a meal
Well, come out when the skating rink glistens
By the sun, near the old crossroads sign
The snow is so cold, but our love can be bold
Winterlude, this dude thinks your'e fine

Winterlude, Winterlude, my little daisy
Winterlude by the telephone wire
Winterlude, it's makin' me lazy
Come on, sit by the logs in the fire
The moonlight reflects from the window
Where the snowflakes, they cover the sand
Come out tonight, ev'rything will be tight
Winterlude, this dude thinks you're grand/nThe country I come from is called the Midwest
I's taught and brought up there, the laws to abide
And that the land that I live in has God on its side

Oh, the history books tell it, they tell it so well
The cavalries charged, the Indians fell
The cavalries charged, the Indians died
Oh, the country was young with God on its side

The Spanish-American War had its day
And the Civil War too was soon laid away
And the names of the heroes I was made to memorize
With guns in their hands and God on their side

The First World War, boys, it came and it went
The reason for fighting I never did get
But I learned to accept it, accept it with pride
For you don't count the dead when God's on your side

The Second World War came to an end
We forgave the Germans and then we were friends
Though they murdered six million, in the ovens they fried
The Germans now too have God on their side

I learned to hate the Russians all through my whole life
If another war comes, it's them we must fight
To hate them and fear them, to run and to hide
And accept it all bravely with God on my side

But now we got weapons of chemical dust
If fire them we're forced to, then fire them we must
One push of the button and a shot the world wide
You never ask questions when God's on your side

Through many a dark hour I been thinkin' about this
That Jesus Christ was betrayed by a kiss
But I can't think for you, you'll have to decide
Whether Judas Iscariot had God on his side

So now as I'm leavin', I'm weary as hell
The confusion I'm feelin' ain't no tongue can tell
The words fill my head and they fall to the floor
That if God's on our side, he'll stop the next war/n/nlupa/nWater on the ground, sure don't feel like groovin'. 
Working on a guru, 
Working on a guru, 
Working on a guru, before the sun goes down. 

Rain all around, I need me an umbrella. 
Water on the ground, I am that kind of fella. 
Looking for a guru, 
Working on a guru, 
Working on a guru, before the sun goes down. 

Walking on the street, I need me an umbrella. 
Just to keep it sweet, I am that kind of fella. 
Looking for a guru, 
Working on a guru, 
Working on a guru, before the sun goes down. 

Rain on the ground, windshield wipers movin', 
Water all around, I sure don't feel like groovin'. 
I'm working on a guru, 
Yes, I'm working on a guru, 
But I'm working on a guru, before the sun goes down. 

Working on a guru, 
Working on a guru, 
Well, it's true, it could be you 
I'm working on a guru./nThe poor little chauffeur, though, she was back in bed
On the very next day, with a nose full of pus.
Yea! Heavy and a bottle of bread
Yea! Heavy and a bottle of bread
Yea! Heavy and a bottle of bread

It's a one-track town, just brown, and a breeze, too,
Pack up the meat, sweet, we're headin' out
For Wichita in a pile of fruit.
Get the loot, don't be slow, we're gonna catch a trout
Get the loot, don't be slow, we're gonna catch a trout
Get the loot, don't be slow, we're gonna catch a trout

Now, pull that drummer out from behind that bottle.
Bring me my pipe, we're gonna shake it.
Slap that drummer with a pie that smells.
Take me down to California, baby
Take me down to California, baby
Take me down to California, baby

Yes, the comic book and me, just us, we caught the bus.
The poor little chauffeur, though, she was back in bed
On the very next day, with a nose full of pus.
Yea! Heavy and a bottle of bread
Yea! Heavy and a bottle of bread
Yea! Heavy and a bottle of bread/nNone/nYou know there ain't too much of a thrill 
You wish for contentment
But you got an emptiness that can't be filled
You've had enough hatred
Your bones are breaking (and you) can't find nothing sacred, (but)

Ye shall be changed, ye shall be changed
In a twinkling of an eye, when the last trumpet blows
The dead will arise and burst out of your cloths
And ye shall be changed

Everything you've gotten
You've gotten by sweat, blood and muscle
From early in the morning 'til way past dark
All you ever do is hustle
All your loved ones have walked out the door
You're not even sure 'bout your wife and kids no more, but

Ye shall be changed, ye shall be changed
In a twinkling of an eye, when the last trumpet blows
The dead will arise and burst out of your cloths
And ye shall be changed

(Now) the past don't control you
But the future's like a roulette wheel spinning
(And) deep down inside
You know you need a whole new beginning
Don't have to go to Russia or Iran
Just surrender to God and He'll move you right here where you stand, and

Ye shall be changed, ye shall be changed
In a twinkling of an eye, when the last trumpet blows
The dead will arise and burst out of your cloths
And ye shall be changed

You drink bitter water
And you been eating the bread of sorrow
You can't live for today
When all you're ever thinking of is tomorrow
The path you've endured has been rough
And when you've decided that you've had enough, then

Ye shall be changed, ye shall be changed
In a twinkling of an eye, when the last trumpet blows
The dead will arise and burst out of your cloths
And ye shall be changed/nYou got me under your wing
The way you walk and the way you talk
I feel I could almost sing.

You angel you
You're as fine as anything's fine
I just want to watch you talk
With your memory on my mind

You know, I can't sleep at night for trying.
Yes, I never did feel this way before
I never did get up and walk the floor
If this is love then give me more
And more and more and more and more.

You angel you
You're as fine as can be
The way you walk and the way you talk
Is the way it ought to be.

You know, I can't sleep at night for trying.
Never did feel this way before
Never did get up and walk the floor
If this is love then give me more
And more and more and more and more.

You angel you
You got me under your wing
The way you walk and the way you talk
I swear it makes me sing./nGonna see a movie called ‘Gunga Din’
Pack up your money, pull up your tent, McGuinn
You ain't a’goin' nowhere

Whoo-ee! Ride me high
Tomorrow's the day
That my bride's a’gonna come
Whoo-ee!, Are we gonna fly
Down into the easy chair

Genghis Khan and his brother, Don
Could not keep on keepin' on
We'll climb that bridge after it's gone
After we’re way past it

Whoo-ee! Ride me high
Tomorrow's the day
That my bride's a’gonna come
Whoo-ee!, Are we gonna fly
Down into the easy chair. Yeah.

Buy me some rings and a gun that sings
A flute that toots and a bee that stings
A sky that cries and a bird that flies
A fish that walks and a dog that talks

Whoo-ee! Ride me high
Tomorrow's the day
That my bride's a’gonna come
Whoo-ee!, Are we gonna fly
Down into the easy chair

Whoo-ee! Ride me high
Tomorrow's the day
That my bride's a’gonna come
Whoo-ee!, Are we gonna fly
Down into the easy chair/nSinging about conspiracy, wanted me to be afraid
Working for a system I couldn't understand or trust
Suffered ridicule and wanting to give it all up in disgust

But you changed my life
Came along in a time of strife
In hunger and need, you made my heart bleed
You changed my life

Talk about salvation, people suddenly get tired
They got a million things to do, they're all so inspired
You do the work of the devil, you got a million friends
They'll be there when you got something, they'll take it all in the end

But you changed my life
Came along in a time of strife
I was under the gun, clouds blocking the sun
You changed my life

Well, the nature of man is to beg and to steal
I do it myself, it's not so unreal
The call of the wild is forever at my door
Wants me to fly like an eagle while being chained to the floor

But you changed my life
Came along in a time of strife
From silver and gold to what man cannot hold
You changed my life

I was eating with the pigs off a fancy tray
I was told i was looking good and to have a nice day
It all seemed so proper, it all seemed so elite
Eating that absolute garbage while being so discreet

But you changed my life
Came along in a time of strife
From silver and gold to what man cannot hold
You changed my life

You were glowing in the sun while being peaceably calm
While orphans of man danced to the beat of the palm
Your eyes were on fire, your feet were of brass
In the world you had made they made you an outcast

You changed my life
Came along in a time of strife
From silver and gold to what man cannot hold
You changed my life

There was someone in my body that I could hardly see
Invading my privacy making my decisions for me
Holding me back, not letting me stand
Making me feel like a stranger in a strange land

But you changed my life
Came along in a time of strife
You come down the line, give me a new mind
You changed my life

My Lord and my Savior, my companion, my friend
Heart fixer, mind regulator, true to the end
My creator, my comforter, my cause for joy
What the world is set against but will never destroy

You changed my life
Came along in a time of strife
You came in like the wind, like Errol Flynn
You changed my life/nNone/nNone/nIt nearly swept me offa my feet
And I'm back in the rain
Oh, and you are on dry land
You made it there somehow
You're a big girl now

Bird on the horizon, sitting on a fence
He's singing his song for me at his own expense
And I'm just like that bird
Oh, singing just for you
I hope that you can hear
Hear me singing through these tears

Time is a jet plane, it moves too fast
Oh but what a shame, that all we've shared can't last
I can change I swear
Oh, see what you can do
I can make it through
You can make it too

Love is so simple, to quote a phrase
You've known it all the time, I'm learning it these days
Oh I know where I can find you
Oh, in somebody's room
It's a price I have to pay
You're a big girl all the way

A change in the weather is known to be extreme
But what's the sense in changing horses in midstream
I'm going out of my mind
Oh, with a pain that stops and starts
Like a corkscrew to my heart
Ever since we've been apart/nIt's never been this close before
Never been so easy or so slow
I been shootin' in the dark too long
When something's not right it's wrong
You're gonna make me lonesome when you go

Dragon clouds so high above
I've only known careless love
It always has hit me from below
But this time 'round it's more correct
Right on target so direct
You're gonna make me lonesome when you go

Purple clover, Queen Anne lace
Crimson hair across your face
You can make me cry but you don't know
Can't remember what I was thinking of
You might be spoiling me too much love
You're gonna make me lonesome when you go

Flowers on the hillside blooming crazy
Crickets talking back and forth in rhyme
Blue river running slow and lazy
I could stay with you forever and never realize the time

Situations have ended sad
Relationships have all been bad
Mine have been like Verlaine's and Rimbaud's
But there's no way I can compare
All them scenes to this affair,
You're gonna make me lonesome when you go

You're gonna make me wonder what I'm doing
Staying far behind without you
You're gonna make me wonder what I'm saying
You're gonna make me give myself a good talking to

I'll look for you in old Honolulu
San Francisco or Ashtabula
You're gonna have to leave me now I know
But I'll see you in the sky above
In the tall grass in the ones I love
You're gonna make me lonesome when you go/nNone/nNone/n